smash using bat	Yes.
colors available	Black
blue	Different colors are sent as per stock availability.
doe tap support messaging calling	It does. You would need to add the members to your tap to be able to communicate to them via a command.
os ok use power adapter charge phone tablet	With all electronics you need to compare the output of the device you want to use to the one that came standard. they need to be close. All are labeled. tap puts out 5.2 volts at 1.8 amps.
voice activeate without pressing button	The instructions are in your manual. You need to go to the Alexa App, in the tools section, and "enable hands free" voice activation.
stream pandora tap	Yes! Pandora is the only station I listen to!!so not sure anything smaller would stay locked in, but would be close.
work egypt	Depends on what you mean "work". Almost all of its features will work, including time zone and even weather if play with it a bit. 
change shipping address	By default, the last used shipping address will be saved into to your Amazon account. When you are checking out your order, the default shipping address will be displayed and you have the option to amend it if you need to.
activate account	The instructions to activate your account will be sent to your email once you have submitted the registration form. If you did not receive this email, your email service provider’s mailing software may be blocking it. You can try checking your junk / spam folder or contact us at help@amazon.com
mean points earn	Because you are important to us, we want to know what you think about the products. As an added value, every time you rate the products you earn points which go straight to your account. 1 point are added to your account for every review that you give. You will need those points in order to redeem the sample products. So keep rating the products to keep earning points!
checkout limit / checkout limits	Hi. These limits are in place to make sure everyone has a good time trying and purchasing their products.
track orders & payment	After logging into your account, the status of your checkout history can be found under Order History. For orders via registered postage, a tracking number (article tracking number) will be given to you after the receipt given from USA Post.
cancel orders make payment	Members who ship their orders within Singapore should expect to receive their orders within five (5) to ten (10) working days upon payment verification depending on the volume of orders received.
long take order arrive make payment	18 inches on our TV.
accumulated delivery fee much handling fee	The flat-rate handling fee is S$5.99 and it is only applicable to normal samples. For free samples, they are fully paid for and there are no additional charges to deliver the free samples.
ship orders	All your orders are sent via USA Post Limited.
make payments using paypal work	Paypal is the easiest way to make payments online. While checking out your order, you will be redirected to the Paypal website. Be sure to fill in correct details for fast & hassle-free payment processing.
payment methods available	At the moment, we only accept Credit/Debit cards and Paypal payments.
pay using paypal without paypal account	Yes! It is commonly misunderstood that a Paypal account is needed in order to make payments through Paypal. The truth is you DO NOT need one, although we strongly recommend you sign up to enjoy the added ease of use.
use remaining account credits	We are in the process of removing the option to pay for your orders by ‘Account Credits’. If you have remaining credits in your account, it will be used to pay for your next checkout. If there are insufficient credits, the system will direct you automatically to pay the balance via Paypal.
must make payment immediately checkout	Sample ordering is on ‘first-come-first-served’ basis. To ensure that you get your desired samples, it is recommended that you make your payment within 60 minutes of checking out. 
many free samples redeem	Due to the limited quantity, each member's account is only entitled to 1 unique free sample. You can check out up to 4 free samples in each checkout.
happens event unsatisfactory/expired/wrong sample/missing samples	We take such matters very seriously and will look into individual cases thoroughly. Any sample that falls under the below categories should not be thrown away before taking photo proof and emailing the photo of the affected sample and your D.O (Delivery Order) to us at help@amazon.com (if applicable).
order shipped	 Orders are shipped Monday through Friday, excluding USA public holidays. Any orders placed on Saturday or Sunday will be shipped the following week. USA  - FedEx Ground Service
long take order reach	Orders are despatched within 5 working days after payment confirmation. 
delivery charges	USA - Charges vary according to weight and delivery state. Other destinations – Delivery charges on request
track orders	You will receive an email, together with a tracking number, notifying you that orders have been shipped. If you have further queries, please contact us at customercare@amazon.com.
know item stock	All items are in stock unless "Out of stock" is indicated.  On receipt of your order if any items are unavailable , we will inform you by email and we will offer you a refund or alternative availability date where possible.
deliver another address card billing address	Yes, it is possible if the delivery address is in the listed countries.
would like change order	If you would like to amend your order, please contact us at customercare@amazon.com.
know order successfully submitted	You will receive an email acknowledgement containing the order reference number and details of your purchase. Your order will be only dispatched upon receipt of payment.
pay order	We accept all major credit and debit cards: MasterCard, Visa, JCB, American Express, Delta and Maestro. Please note that all payments are charged in Sterling Pounds. The final amount reflected on your bill may differ depending on the exchange rate at the time your bank processes the transaction.
safe use credit card website	To ensure a safe payment procedure, our website uses Secure Trading for a reliable and secure internet payment gateway.
need register set account shop	It is not mandatory to register. However, if you choose to we will retain your contact details, which will be retrieved when you login on your next visit. Please note that due to security reasons, we will not retain your card details.
missing wrong items receive order	For missing or wrongly shipped items, please contact us at customercare@amazon.com and quote your transaction reference number.
minimum order value	There is no minimum order requirement.  Delivery charges will remain as specified.
terms & conditions	Find out more about Terms & Conditions here.
recommended browsers site	This site is optimized for Explorer version 7.0 or higher, Mozilla Firefox version 2.0 or higher, Opera 9.0 or higher and Google Chrome.
personal information kept private	ny information that you share with us is private and confidential. At no point will we share, rent or sell your personal information without your consent, except as required by law or to fulfill an order contract with you. Read more about our Privacy Policy here.
online prices instore prices	The groceries you order from us will be picked, by hand, in the home delivery store closest to your home.
view what’s shopping cart	o view the contents of your cart, click on the “View cart” icon in the upper-right corner of your computer screen. Once you click on this icon, you can easily change the number of copies you want to purchase of a particular item in your cart by updating the quantity listed and then clicking the “Update cart” link. You can also delete any item in your cart by clicking the “Remove” check box to the left of that item and then updating your cart with the "Update cart" link.
add items cart	To add a publication or other item to your cart, navigate to the page of the item you are interested in and then choose your desired version of that item (for publications, select Hardcopy, PDF, or Kindle). When you click the “Add to Cart” link, you will be brought to your "Shopping cart" page where you can then enter the quantity of the item that you would like to order using the "Qty" field on the right side of the screen. After you have entered a quantity, you can continue shopping or choose to complete your order.
remove items cart	First, click on the “View cart” link in the upper-right corner of your computer screen. This will allow you to view all items currently in your cart. Once you have identified the item that you would like to delete, click on the “Remove” check box to the left of the item description and then click "Update cart" in the lower-right corner to have your changes reflected. 
change quantity particular item cart	First, click on the “View cart” link in the upper-right corner of your computer screen. This will allow you to view all items currently in your cart, as well as the quantities that you have chosen for each item. To change the quantity of an item in your cart, move your cursor to the box that appears under the "Qty" header for this item and type in the quantity desired, then click the “Update cart” link. Once you do this, the quantity and associated dollar amount (if applicable) will automatically change and reflect the correct amounts for both the quantity and the cost.
possible pay shopping cards	It is not possible to make payments online using points-based loyalty cards issued by merchants or service providers.
possible pay cobranded cards	It is possible to pay using any co-branded card, provided that it is a MasterCard or VISA card suitable for making payments online.
ship products anywhere	Yes! However, we are not responsible for additional charges you may incur as a result of international duties. 
methods payment accept	We accept all major American credit card brands.
fulfillment address	The fulfillment address is your shipping address. If you have an international address, it is very helpful if you rewrite your address in the Special Instructions field during check out.
