can we do smash using this bat	Yes.
which colors are available now?	Black
is this all blue? 	Different colors are sent as per stock availability.
Doe the Tap support Messaging and Calling?	It does. You would need to add the members to your tap to be able to communicate to them via a command.
Os it ok to use the power adapter to charge a phone or tablet?	With all electronics you need to compare the output of the device you want to use to the one that came standard. they need to be close. All are labeled. tap puts out 5.2 volts at 1.8 amps.
How can I voice activeate without pressing the button?	The instructions are in your manual. You need to go to the Alexa App, in the tools section, and "enable hands free" voice activation.
can you stream pandora on tap?	Yes! Pandora is the only station I listen to!!so not sure anything smaller would stay locked in, but would be close.
Will this is work in egypt?	Depends on what you mean "work". Almost all of its features will work, including time zone and even weather if play with it a bit. 
How can I change my shipping address?	By default, the last used shipping address will be saved into to your Amazon account. When you are checking out your order, the default shipping address will be displayed and you have the option to amend it if you need to.
How do I activate my account?	The instructions to activate your account will be sent to your email once you have submitted the registration form. If you did not receive this email, your email service provider’s mailing software may be blocking it. You can try checking your junk / spam folder or contact us at help@amazon.com
What do you mean by points? How do I earn it?	Because you are important to us, we want to know what you think about the products. As an added value, every time you rate the products you earn points which go straight to your account. 1 point are added to your account for every review that you give. You will need those points in order to redeem the sample products. So keep rating the products to keep earning points!
Why is there a checkout limit? / What are all the checkout limits?	Hi. These limits are in place to make sure everyone has a good time trying and purchasing their products.
How can I track my orders & payment?	After logging into your account, the status of your checkout history can be found under Order History. For orders via registered postage, a tracking number (article tracking number) will be given to you after the receipt given from USA Post.
How do I cancel my orders before I make a payment?	Members who ship their orders within Singapore should expect to receive their orders within five (5) to ten (10) working days upon payment verification depending on the volume of orders received.
How long will it take for my order to arrive after I make payment?	18 inches on our TV.
What is the accumulated delivery fee for? How much is the handling fee?	The flat-rate handling fee is S$5.99 and it is only applicable to normal samples. For free samples, they are fully paid for and there are no additional charges to deliver the free samples.
How do you ship my orders?	All your orders are sent via USA Post Limited.
How do I make payments using Paypal? How does it work?	Paypal is the easiest way to make payments online. While checking out your order, you will be redirected to the Paypal website. Be sure to fill in correct details for fast & hassle-free payment processing.
What are the payment methods available?	At the moment, we only accept Credit/Debit cards and Paypal payments.
Can I pay using Paypal without a Paypal account?	Yes! It is commonly misunderstood that a Paypal account is needed in order to make payments through Paypal. The truth is you DO NOT need one, although we strongly recommend you sign up to enjoy the added ease of use.
How can I use my remaining Account Credits?	We are in the process of removing the option to pay for your orders by ‘Account Credits’. If you have remaining credits in your account, it will be used to pay for your next checkout. If there are insufficient credits, the system will direct you automatically to pay the balance via Paypal.
Why must I make payment immediately at checkout?	Sample ordering is on ‘first-come-first-served’ basis. To ensure that you get your desired samples, it is recommended that you make your payment within 60 minutes of checking out. 
How many free samples can I redeem?	Due to the limited quantity, each member's account is only entitled to 1 unique free sample. You can check out up to 4 free samples in each checkout.
What happens in the event of unsatisfactory/expired/wrong sample/missing samples?	We take such matters very seriously and will look into individual cases thoroughly. Any sample that falls under the below categories should not be thrown away before taking photo proof and emailing the photo of the affected sample and your D.O (Delivery Order) to us at help@amazon.com (if applicable).
How is my order shipped?	 Orders are shipped Monday through Friday, excluding USA public holidays. Any orders placed on Saturday or Sunday will be shipped the following week. USA  - FedEx Ground Service
How long does it take for my order to reach me?	Orders are despatched within 5 working days after payment confirmation. 
What are your delivery charges?	USA - Charges vary according to weight and delivery state. Other destinations – Delivery charges on request
How do I track my orders?	You will receive an email, together with a tracking number, notifying you that orders have been shipped. If you have further queries, please contact us at customercare@amazon.com.
How do I know if an item is in stock? 	All items are in stock unless "Out of stock" is indicated.  On receipt of your order if any items are unavailable , we will inform you by email and we will offer you a refund or alternative availability date where possible.
Can I deliver to another address, other than my card billing address?	Yes, it is possible if the delivery address is in the listed countries.
I would like to change my order. What should I do?	If you would like to amend your order, please contact us at customercare@amazon.com.
How do I know that my order has been successfully submitted?	You will receive an email acknowledgement containing the order reference number and details of your purchase. Your order will be only dispatched upon receipt of payment.
How can I pay for my order?	We accept all major credit and debit cards: MasterCard, Visa, JCB, American Express, Delta and Maestro. Please note that all payments are charged in Sterling Pounds. The final amount reflected on your bill may differ depending on the exchange rate at the time your bank processes the transaction.
Is it safe to use my credit card on your website? 	To ensure a safe payment procedure, our website uses Secure Trading for a reliable and secure internet payment gateway.
Do I need to register and set up an account to shop?	It is not mandatory to register. However, if you choose to we will retain your contact details, which will be retrieved when you login on your next visit. Please note that due to security reasons, we will not retain your card details.
What if there are missing or wrong items when I receive my order?	For missing or wrongly shipped items, please contact us at customercare@amazon.com and quote your transaction reference number.
Is there a minimum order value?	There is no minimum order requirement.  Delivery charges will remain as specified.
What are your Terms & Conditions?	Find out more about Terms & Conditions here.
What are the recommended browsers for this site?	This site is optimized for Explorer version 7.0 or higher, Mozilla Firefox version 2.0 or higher, Opera 9.0 or higher and Google Chrome.
Is my personal information kept private?	ny information that you share with us is private and confidential. At no point will we share, rent or sell your personal information without your consent, except as required by law or to fulfill an order contract with you. Read more about our Privacy Policy here.
Are online prices the same as in-store prices?	The groceries you order from us will be picked, by hand, in the home delivery store closest to your home.
How do I view what’s in my shopping cart?	o view the contents of your cart, click on the “View cart” icon in the upper-right corner of your computer screen. Once you click on this icon, you can easily change the number of copies you want to purchase of a particular item in your cart by updating the quantity listed and then clicking the “Update cart” link. You can also delete any item in your cart by clicking the “Remove” check box to the left of that item and then updating your cart with the "Update cart" link.
How do I add items to my cart?	To add a publication or other item to your cart, navigate to the page of the item you are interested in and then choose your desired version of that item (for publications, select Hardcopy, PDF, or Kindle). When you click the “Add to Cart” link, you will be brought to your "Shopping cart" page where you can then enter the quantity of the item that you would like to order using the "Qty" field on the right side of the screen. After you have entered a quantity, you can continue shopping or choose to complete your order.
How do I remove items from my cart?	First, click on the “View cart” link in the upper-right corner of your computer screen. This will allow you to view all items currently in your cart. Once you have identified the item that you would like to delete, click on the “Remove” check box to the left of the item description and then click "Update cart" in the lower-right corner to have your changes reflected. 
How do I change the quantity of a particular item in my cart?	First, click on the “View cart” link in the upper-right corner of your computer screen. This will allow you to view all items currently in your cart, as well as the quantities that you have chosen for each item. To change the quantity of an item in your cart, move your cursor to the box that appears under the "Qty" header for this item and type in the quantity desired, then click the “Update cart” link. Once you do this, the quantity and associated dollar amount (if applicable) will automatically change and reflect the correct amounts for both the quantity and the cost.
Is it possible to pay with shopping cards?	It is not possible to make payments online using points-based loyalty cards issued by merchants or service providers.
Is it possible to pay with co-branded cards?	It is possible to pay using any co-branded card, provided that it is a MasterCard or VISA card suitable for making payments online.
Can you ship your products anywhere?	Yes! However, we are not responsible for additional charges you may incur as a result of international duties. 
What methods of payment do you accept?	We accept all major American credit card brands.
What is a fulfillment address?	The fulfillment address is your shipping address. If you have an international address, it is very helpful if you rewrite your address in the Special Instructions field during check out.