hello	hello too.
hello	hay
hello	hello
good morning	good morning. Can I help you?
good afternoon	good afternoon. Can I help you?
good evening	good evening. Can I help you?
fit nook color that's 5 x 8	yes
smash using bat	Yes.
colors available	Black
blue	Different colors are sent as per stock availability.
doe tap support messaging calling	It does. You would need to add the members to your tap to be able to communicate to them via a command.
os ok use power adapter charge phone tablet	With all electronics you need to compare the output of the device you want to use to the one that came standard. they need to be close. All are labeled. tap puts out 5.2 volts at 1.8 amps.
voice activeate without pressing button	The instructions are in your manual. You need to go to the Alexa App, in the tools section, and "enable hands free" voice activation.
stream pandora tap	Yes! Pandora is the only station I listen to!!so not sure anything smaller would stay locked in, but would be close.
work egypt	Depends on what you mean "work". Almost all of its features will work, including time zone and even weather if play with it a bit. 
change shipping address	By default, the last used shipping address will be saved into to your Amazon account. When you are checking out your order, the default shipping address will be displayed and you have the option to amend it if you need to.
activate account	The instructions to activate your account will be sent to your email once you have submitted the registration form. If you did not receive this email, your email service provider’s mailing software may be blocking it. You can try checking your junk / spam folder or contact us at help@amazon.com
mean points earn	Because you are important to us, we want to know what you think about the products. As an added value, every time you rate the products you earn points which go straight to your account. 1 point are added to your account for every review that you give. You will need those points in order to redeem the sample products. So keep rating the products to keep earning points!
checkout limit checkout limits	Hi. These limits are in place to make sure everyone has a good time trying and purchasing their products.
track orders & payment	After logging into your account, the status of your checkout history can be found under Order History. For orders via registered postage, a tracking number (article tracking number) will be given to you after the receipt given from USA Post.
cancel orders make payment	Members who ship their orders within Singapore should expect to receive their orders within five (5) to ten (10) working days upon payment verification depending on the volume of orders received.
long take order arrive make payment	18 inches on our TV.
accumulated delivery fee much handling fee	The flat-rate handling fee is S$5.99 and it is only applicable to normal samples. For free samples, they are fully paid for and there are no additional charges to deliver the free samples.
ship orders	All your orders are sent via USA Post Limited.
make payments using paypal work	Paypal is the easiest way to make payments online. While checking out your order, you will be redirected to the Paypal website. Be sure to fill in correct details for fast & hassle-free payment processing.
payment methods available	At the moment, we only accept Credit/Debit cards and Paypal payments.
pay using paypal without paypal account	Yes! It is commonly misunderstood that a Paypal account is needed in order to make payments through Paypal. The truth is you DO NOT need one, although we strongly recommend you sign up to enjoy the added ease of use.
use remaining account credits	We are in the process of removing the option to pay for your orders by ‘Account Credits’. If you have remaining credits in your account, it will be used to pay for your next checkout. If there are insufficient credits, the system will direct you automatically to pay the balance via Paypal.
must make payment immediately checkout	Sample ordering is on ‘first-come-first-served’ basis. To ensure that you get your desired samples, it is recommended that you make your payment within 60 minutes of checking out. 
many free samples redeem	Due to the limited quantity, each member's account is only entitled to 1 unique free sample. You can check out up to 4 free samples in each checkout.
happens event unsatisfactoryexpiredwrong samplemissing samples	We take such matters very seriously and will look into individual cases thoroughly. Any sample that falls under the below categories should not be thrown away before taking photo proof and emailing the photo of the affected sample and your D.O (Delivery Order) to us at help@amazon.com (if applicable).
order shipped	 Orders are shipped Monday through Friday, excluding USA public holidays. Any orders placed on Saturday or Sunday will be shipped the following week. USA  - FedEx Ground Service
long take order reach	Orders are despatched within 5 working days after payment confirmation. 
delivery charges	USA - Charges vary according to weight and delivery state. Other destinations – Delivery charges on request
track orders	You will receive an email, together with a tracking number, notifying you that orders have been shipped. If you have further queries, please contact us at customercare@amazon.com.
know item stock	All items are in stock unless "Out of stock" is indicated.  On receipt of your order if any items are unavailable , we will inform you by email and we will offer you a refund or alternative availability date where possible.
deliver another address card billing address	Yes, it is possible if the delivery address is in the listed countries.
would like change order	If you would like to amend your order, please contact us at customercare@amazon.com.
know order successfully submitted	You will receive an email acknowledgement containing the order reference number and details of your purchase. Your order will be only dispatched upon receipt of payment.
pay order	We accept all major credit and debit cards: MasterCard, Visa, JCB, American Express, Delta and Maestro. Please note that all payments are charged in Sterling Pounds. The final amount reflected on your bill may differ depending on the exchange rate at the time your bank processes the transaction.
safe use credit card website	To ensure a safe payment procedure, our website uses Secure Trading for a reliable and secure internet payment gateway.
need register set account shop	It is not mandatory to register. However, if you choose to we will retain your contact details, which will be retrieved when you login on your next visit. Please note that due to security reasons, we will not retain your card details.
missing wrong items receive order	For missing or wrongly shipped items, please contact us at customercare@amazon.com and quote your transaction reference number.
minimum order value	There is no minimum order requirement.  Delivery charges will remain as specified.
terms & conditions	Find out more about Terms & Conditions here.
recommended browsers site	This site is optimized for Explorer version 7.0 or higher, Mozilla Firefox version 2.0 or higher, Opera 9.0 or higher and Google Chrome.
personal information kept private	ny information that you share with us is private and confidential. At no point will we share, rent or sell your personal information without your consent, except as required by law or to fulfill an order contract with you. Read more about our Privacy Policy here.
online prices instore prices	The groceries you order from us will be picked, by hand, in the home delivery store closest to your home.
view what’s shopping cart	o view the contents of your cart, click on the “View cart” icon in the upper-right corner of your computer screen. Once you click on this icon, you can easily change the number of copies you want to purchase of a particular item in your cart by updating the quantity listed and then clicking the “Update cart” link. You can also delete any item in your cart by clicking the “Remove” check box to the left of that item and then updating your cart with the "Update cart" link.
add items cart	To add a publication or other item to your cart, navigate to the page of the item you are interested in and then choose your desired version of that item (for publications, select Hardcopy, PDF, or Kindle). When you click the “Add to Cart” link, you will be brought to your "Shopping cart" page where you can then enter the quantity of the item that you would like to order using the "Qty" field on the right side of the screen. After you have entered a quantity, you can continue shopping or choose to complete your order.
remove items cart	First, click on the “View cart” link in the upper-right corner of your computer screen. This will allow you to view all items currently in your cart. Once you have identified the item that you would like to delete, click on the “Remove” check box to the left of the item description and then click "Update cart" in the lower-right corner to have your changes reflected. 
change quantity particular item cart	First, click on the “View cart” link in the upper-right corner of your computer screen. This will allow you to view all items currently in your cart, as well as the quantities that you have chosen for each item. To change the quantity of an item in your cart, move your cursor to the box that appears under the "Qty" header for this item and type in the quantity desired, then click the “Update cart” link. Once you do this, the quantity and associated dollar amount (if applicable) will automatically change and reflect the correct amounts for both the quantity and the cost.
possible pay shopping cards	It is not possible to make payments online using points-based loyalty cards issued by merchants or service providers.
possible pay cobranded cards	It is possible to pay using any co-branded card, provided that it is a MasterCard or VISA card suitable for making payments online.
ship products anywhere	Yes! However, we are not responsible for additional charges you may incur as a result of international duties. 
methods payment accept	We accept all major American credit card brands.
fulfillment address	The fulfillment address is your shipping address. If you have an international address, it is very helpful if you rewrite your address in the Special Instructions field during check out.
would fit nook 1st edition 4.9in x 7.7in 	I don't think so. The nook color is 5 x 8 so not sure anything smaller would stay locked in, but would be close.
cover one fits old nook color believe 8x5	Yes this fits both the nook color and the same-shaped nook tablet
fit nook glowlight	No. The nook color or color tablet
fit samsung galaxy tab 4 nook 10.1	No, the tab is smaller than the 'color'
flip stand	No, there is not a flip stand. It has a pocket in the front flap. It is a very nice cover.
flip stand	Hi, no it doesn't
also fits hd	It should. They are the same size and the charging port is in the same place.
2 positions reader horizontal/vertical thank kwod	Yes
far arm extend	18 inches on our TV.
mount sound bar using external stick arms vertically hanging lcd monitor 27 inch	Yes, I can but need sound bar mount.
closure mechanism bands magnetic etc	No- it is more like a normal book would be. It doesn't flop open- so it has never wen an issue for me. The nook clips into a secure and safe holder inside that is small and convenient. 
fit vizio tvs	i have a 42" vizio and it fit just fine
vizio 200 ht x 600 width mounting holes mount handle that	I'm sorry mine is mounted already so I could not measure for you but as long as it's within the specified size it should fit just fine I recommend
tv vesa 200x200 bolt pattern need extend 24 inches extension wall mount fit bolt pattern	200mm x200mm. Yes Fully extended from wall to TV support is 19 inches From wall to the front of my tv is 24 inches.
work viso vx37l	Yes, definitely. I bought me a Vizio 42 inch and install it without the extended brackets. Make sure the wall bracket is installed with the stud.
mount 32 vizio bolts back 20 apart bracket fit that last mount bought want buy extension	Is should fit. If necessary you can use the 4 extensions that come with the bracket, they adjust to almost any configurationn (it's shown attached in the picture). 
used vizio 39 class led smart tv  e390i-a1	We have our 42" Vizio mounted on it with no problem. Can't say about your specific TV though.
use tv vesa 100 x 100	Yes, it does have that pattern as the smallest template.
work well 39 inch magnavox tv	Should work fine there are plenty of ways to adjust mounting holes. I used it for a 40 inch. 
hi work macbook air 13.3 latest model thanks	I just got my MacBook Air in January, so I believe it's the latest model. It did NOT work with my computer. The vendor keeps trying to get me to take this feedback down, but I won't because it never worked from day one.
cable enable macbook air 11 inch late 2010 model connect tv	The end that connects to the laptop is a standard USB connection. The other end is a VGA connection.
work macbook air mid2012	yep
hi work macbook pro retina display 13.3 inch the latest one 	It did work. Unfortunately, it stopped working because it fell apart within a month, and that was my second attempt at buying one of these inexpensive mini displays( first one fell apart as well).
working pro retina early 2013 	We are only using it for normal video projector. Has not been used for a pro retina. So far it has worked well. Thanks.
adapter enable mac airbook connect lcd monitor	yes. but in my case ..it did pretty good job for 2 week and after that i dont know what happen, the cord socket got loose and now if not fitting in my mac vga port.
item come charger	Ours did
hello year macbook pro use cable for	Mine is a 2011. Works great!
hello cable work 2012 model macbook pro 	my Mac pro 17" i5 works perfectly
library books kindle accessed nook	No I am sorry. The two can not be run on the same device...because most nooks run a adobe system with PDF. While the kindle us not running adobe, the books are similar format but I could never find a way for all my books to be on a single device because of the operating systems. Hope I could helP.
buy books amazon nook ereader	Amazon Kindle books are only for the Kindle. However, .pdf files are WAY easier to read on this ereader than they are on the Kindle. Same with epub files, I can't get epub to work on the Kindle though others have said you should be able to.
work mac mini	Yes
expensive direct b&amp;n anything different one sold amazon	It looks like the one sold here through Amazon is via a third party BlueProton.
nook ok reader poor eyesight  enlarged print easy option 	Yes! It enlarged print is Very good, and Large!
wi fi only	yes
slot sd card	Nook Simple Touch has micro SD card slot, supporting up to 32GB. I am using 8GB and find it more than enough for all books and comics i need.
possible read using product night	There is no internal light source in the Nook Simple Touch so the answer is no unless a light is on near it.
download books need school collage/university	Depends on the book. If you're looking for textbooks, I don't think many are offered for viewing on the Nook Simple Touch.
read ebooks amazon nook	Got this answer on the web (See: http://wiki.answers.com/Q/Can_you_download_amazon_books_to_the_nook) The nook will not read Amazon's special AZW format on it's own. 
books nook purchase amazon go barnes amp noble	You can purchase the kindle versions of books on amazon and pretty easily get them onto your nook.
wifi mean transfer computer also	Some higher end eReaders have the capability to access the internet like a smart phone. Wifi only just means that you need to be near a wireless location that will allow you access (home, hotspots like bookstores, coffee shops, etc...). 
light	I think this is one of the first editions of the Nook. No, it doesn't have a light. The newest editions, like Nook HD and HD+ have a lighted screen that you can adjust for your own convenience.
transfer previously purchased epub books another source	yes, as long as you can download them, meaning their original source allows another download, then you can. Free epubs and epub books from other sellers work fine. 
download king james bibleverser mysimple touch reader	you have to go to barnes and noble online first, order it and pay. Then it will be sent to your nook book with a wireless connection to the internet.
anyone compare nook glowlight nook color me know tablet ignore part compare ereader part	A major advantage of the Nook Glowlight is the ability to read outside both in both direct or indirect sunlight without the screen "fading" or screen glare as well as being able to read anywhere indoors or at night with the Glowlight function.
expensive b&amp;n website 99 something added	It is still on sale for $99 at B&N, so don't buy it here. Plus, there's an extra 25% discount today!
screen dimensions glowlight	The read screen itself (without the glowlight surround) is 3-5/8" wide by 4-7/8" high.
online access library shop	Once you download your library to your nook you do not have to be online to access your library. You do need the net to shop.
transfer epub books computer onto nook	Yes! I use a third-party program called Calibre.
dictionary feature available this	Absolutely, and what a wonderful surprise for me. Come across an unfamiliar word, hold your finger on it for a second, and up pops the dictionary entry with its meaning and part of speech.
mean use wifi daughter doesnt want internet	I am reposting a part of my review with a legal and easy hack out of the B&N registration process.
nook play games	No it does not .... Sorry
kobo books transfered nook glowlight	If the book from Kobo is in ePub file format it is possible to put it on a Nook.
ir download pc	You can use a freeware called Calibre (E-book management software) to store your library and download/upload from a PC to Nook and back.
use table contents go directly chapter	Yes, you can!
get internet	You can access B&N store content over wifi, but there's no browser. 
version camera	No, Nook Glowlight does not have a camera.
model sd card slot	Yes it has an sd card slot
elderly friendly	It's very simple to use =) The touchscreen could be difficult to use @ first depending on your technology skills. But overall, it's quite easy to use.
e reader read georgian language gadgets support language information please tell 	Which foreign language books does NOOK GlowLight support? Your NOOK GlowLight has fonts that support languages based on a Latin character set for reading foreign language books, periodicals, and other digital content.
download books without wifi	Yes, you can load books with the usb cable if they are in pdf or epub format.
micro sd card use it device info"it telling available storage	Yes, You have to HAVE a Micro SD to save your files on it ....
cam	What do you mean when you just say CAM if you want answers you have to ask a complete question.
well see screen sunlight	In the shades ok direct sun not so good
newest b&amp;n e-reader so change picture  looks unprofessional	No, the newest nook is called Glowlight and costs around $120
putting books shelves	Very easy..user friendly..though it still show on the stacks after puttingbthem on shelves..defeats the purpose of sorting on the shelves..
kind manufacturer warranty comes device anything covers right package	There is a one year limited warranty that comes with the device, right out of the box. Beyond that, you can purchase extended warranties and more comprehensive protection plans.
work kindle books	No, the Nook only supports EPUB and PDF files. Kindle books are made for Kindle, which I believe has its own unique file format created by Amazon. The Kindle also supports PDFs, though.
nook read aloud	if you mean can the nook do audio books the answer is yes.
need connected internet use reading pre installed books 	Once you download the book onto your device you do not need to be connected to the internet to read it. Just be sure it is on your device - not in the cloud - and you're good to go.
purchased nook hd different nook color better	Nook HD is definitely better than the nook color, the processing speed and download speeds are more responsive and images of course are better due to the nature of a HD screen.
average life nook hd	We have had ours for over three years so far and no serious battery issues like the original nook. We went through 5 in two years
nook hd come barnes amp nobel one year warranty receive shorter warranty	Hi there is no warranty. . But the nook is brand new
nook hd charge battery	Yes it can be on or off both way you can charge it :-)
install run apps sd usb flash it	No you cannot since the nook has there own customization andriod software so you cannot install any app or download except from the play store
nook hd 7 use charger almost smartphones use thanks	The Nook HD uses a proprietary cable. It comes with a cable and a USB charger but you can plug it into any USB charger. You don't have to use the one that comes with it. You do have to use the cable that comes with it. Barry
color nook hd asin 1400501520 snow smoke colored nook hd	Very dark grey
kind usb connection have seem wide 30-pin...but thought models mini-usb android phone type	Yes mine has the android type-it's very small and compatable with some phones.
battery life vary nook hd 8 gb vs 16gb	No it does not vary, based on memory.
use hd 7"16gb tablet borrow books public library	I think you can with the built in Barnes and Noble software, and you can definitely do it by loading up the kindle app from the Google play store.
way download books movies amazon prime nook hd	I dont know about movies and apps but you can load books baught from amazon onto your nook with outside software, and mine is not rooted.
measurement nook 7"hd 16gb	7 3/4" x 5" Overall. 1/4" thick. Screen size 7"x4", image area 5 3/4 x 4".
179.99 everywhere else 269.99...what shrink wrapped mean make 90 cheaper here	Its 179 on the Barnes and Noble web site as well as Best Buy.
new nook hd purchased last week anyone issues device holding charge	I've hadmine for a year andno problems
port kindle books platform	You just need to download the Kindle app from the Google Play store. Then you can download your books.
compatible ebooks bought booksamillion	I believe as long as the ebooks are epub, you should be able to side load them to your nook or side load them to an sd card.
download kindle app this	Yes you can. I have it installed
use word2010 onenote2010 nook hd  need kind adapters etc apps new software sd card	Word and OneNote have Android versions, however they are designed for mobile phone use so the screen might adjust weird.
version android run	Originally from factory is shipped with Android 4 but is locked.
16gb physical memory expandable	To my best understanding it is the physical memory storage space that is already equipped with the tablet when you purchase it. Best of luck!
cable beside 30 pin work charge hd	If it does I don't know of one.
download netflix	Yes, you can also use the Amazon Kindle app.
easy use direct sunlight glare no	No problem, you can adjust the light.
games like mine craft	Yes. You can download any game that is in the Google Play store, including Minecraft. Some are free, but you have to pay for Minecraft. You'll have to have a Google account to download apps.
cover case included shown top picture	Hi, i don't know if my answer will help you because different vendors offer different deals. 
come power cord anything else	Yes it came with the power cord the wall adapter and instructions. It has been a wonderful gift for my mom!! Nook is AMAZING!!
plug amp light green 3sec light turns orange pressed nook button amp power button simultaneously 20 sec power stil	Hello. Have you tried charging it for a few hours? After there is enough power built up to function, you can use the Nook while it is plugged in and charging. If the battery does not have enough charge, it will just light up briefly and shut off. Hope this helps.
come two cords case	No, only the one cord for charging in the wall or on a computer. There is no case included. You have to purchase that separately. Amazon has better deals on cases than B&N.
slow	It not slow. It is your internet that's slow.
use skype account nook	The Nook isn't compatable with Skype, as it lacks both rear and front facing cameras.
much ram have processing speed	1.5GHz processing speed 1GB RAM I LOVE THIS THING!!!
looks takes i-phone charger...does take special charger i-phone	Special charger! Which it should come with if u buy used don't buy it if it doesn't have it. But if it does and it's in great shape I defiantly recommend it I love mine!
camera	Nook HD+ 9": Camera? We don't need no stinking camera!! No, the device does not have a camera...
e-books available kindle nook i'm thinking getting e-reader looking ebook selection amazon vs b&amp;n	It works both ways. There are e-books available at B&N that aren't available on Amazon. I just downloaded the fitness book "Better Than Steroids" on my Nook Color. It's not available here. I notice that every once and a while. Some are only on Amazon, some are only on B&N.
use downloading college class textbooks rather buying actual books	If the textbook is available in digital form, then yes you can. I'd recommend going onto Barnes and noble's website and looking to see if they are before purchasing if that is your sole reason for wanting to buy this.
use control samsung television install android sd card	No
facebook get facebook nook tablet	Yes. However, Facebook games can't be played on the Nook color as they require Adobe flash player.
come speakerphone	don't get it it sucks!!! It blacked out on me after about 30 days after I had all my information in there!! and it was from a second party! this is the only bad thing that I have had a problem with at Amazon!! I sent it back after numerous attempts to get a confirmation number.
use amazon gift card purchase books nook barnes noble gift card only	Amazon cards cannot be used.
nookcolor accessories anyone know good dealer other b&amp;n nookcolor accessories	My local Walmart only has a couple for the old Nook, not NOOKcolor. Hope to see some decent-quality, feather-weight covers at lower prices than what B&N charges.
rooted nook experience please share experience rooted nook long take root	It took less than 5 minutes to root (and that was mostly "burning" the bootable image to the SD card).
read ths sunlight outside	Yes you should be able to. You can adjust the brightness also.
5gb internal memory usable users see thing 5gb available	I too thought 5 GB was not very much. However, I've got about 30 books, 10 magazines, 50 pictures, 100 songs (all high quality MP3) and have TONS of room left. Plus you can add a 32 GB micro SD card, so don't worry too much about memory use. The 3 extra GB memory is for future updates.
user friendly	Very much. Both my 9&4yr old csn use it
nook color 249 vs galaxy tab wifi 350 nook color 250 still better deal compared galacxy tab assuming root 	VERY easy to root. You just need a decent SD card (with usb reader...I got a class 10 32 gb card) and instructions which can be found on the Facebook page "Customizing Your Nook Color".
mean wifi mean read books wifi mean download books wifi	Like others have said, you buy and download books with the wifi. 
nook charge plug light turns green immediately goes orange off help	This happened to my sister in law. You let it get too low. You need to contact B&N.
got nook course turned needed charged turn charging  can't mine turn	Sometimes it takes a bit of charging before it can power up, but then usually you can turn it on before it's completely charged.
nook wi fi	The description claims 3G. So you should be able to use this like you would 3g on a phone without need for wireless.
nook 3g free  nook 3g free like kindle	Hi Mark, The Nook 3g is free and it's powered by AT & T.
navigate internet send emails	Do not buy this e-reader. It is very, very outdated. I have had many e-readers since I bought this one, and they all had longer battery life, better contrast, and a lighter weight.
play facebook games	No it is only a reader
nook usb port	The old Nook tablet has a mini USB similar to a smartphone tablet. The new Nook tablet had a connection similar to an iPhone where it connects to the Nook, but still plugs into a computer via a standard USB port.
dose talking gps	No
watch hulu shows hulu plus nook spport youtube videos vevo videos	I purchased this device as a gift for my daughter n law and yes to hulu and hulu plus, u tube never tried Vigo, but here is a link to help you sweetie.
nook uk problem live uk heard may compatible	Dear Michelle, I finally got my Nook for Christmas. Not without some extra taxes I had to pay in the border, but anyway, finally here.
nook tablet kindle fire	If your main use is reading (in school), a cheaper alternative would be either the Kindle or Nook E-Ink reader which would only cost $100.
see reading sunlight	It's a little difficult in direct sunlight. I've took it to the pool with me and sat in the shade or used a towel to cast a shadow and that is fine.
can't set account information says billing address recognized	This thing is garbage I'd just return it I had the same problem with mine
come wall charge r laptop pc charge	Yes it comes with a wall charger. I brought this item for my ex-husband and he loves it.
download books amazon nook hd	There are two ways to do this: 1. Once you install Google Play you can get the Kindle App for Tablets, and read them on that. 2. 
google play	No it is not an android tablet so it does not have google play. You can root it and go through a process of basically converting it to an android tablet. 
nook hd	No, this particular model is not HD but I use it for reading only and love it!!
makes covers nook bntv250	I got mine from Overstock.com. Standard size table cover.
use wifi read download read	Just download and enjoy
read sun light	Yes,. I take my nook out to read and also to watch netflix. You can change brightness settings to your liking.
tunes gift card work nook need purchase barnes nobel gift cards give gift	You must buy a Nobel gift card. iTunes gift card only work on apple products
many books kindle would like transfer nook....is app also would like candy crush app..is ther	I have the Kindle & my daughter has the Nook. We share by loading books on to our computer on a free program called Calibre.
screen nook stays blank fix that	If it is new, I would send it back! Barnes and Noble has stopped selling the Nook Tablet, they're only selling the HD and HD+. So I would return your tablet and invest in an HD.
surf web	Yes The WIFI in the description refers to being able to use a Wireles internet connection.
get internet	yes you can get on the internet if you are near a WiFi and have their password. I have a router at home and down load my books from the internet directly from my tablet with one touch ordering.
long battery last nook buy replacements	Five to Six hours.
child 5 navigates well smartphone better nabi tablet	I am not familiar with the Nabi tablet, but if your child is tech savvy enough to handle a smartphone then they should have no problems with a Nook.
anyone connected hd webcam successfully	In order for a webcam to work, the operating system would need to have an appropriate driver to run the camera.
compatible tivo work it	Yes it will. I have a Tivo Series 2 (HD) and have it hooked up to my Logitech Revue (same concept).
flatscreen internet ready  work unit hooking unit tv allow use wifi house netflix	Yes it will just make sure your tv has hdmi input btw at 4yrs old it should
optical work watching bluray movies doubt it someone confirm	Yes, The optical output to my Receiver works great! I had the same worries before I hooked it up.
can't get player play 3d blurays even updating firmware tv plays 3d comcast set autodetect 3d signals.help	I have successfully played 3D Blu-ray with Sony NSZ-GT1, but I have to manually set the 3D type on the TV. You might want to try manually setting 3D type on the TV settings. Also you can find a lot of free support from regular owners of Google TV at GoogleTVForum.org
sony nsz-gt1 dvr built in kind jacks back load owners manual at	It doesn't have a dvr. But it has blueray/dvd player. You will need HDMI cables
connect direct tv box connect dtv box internet basically use sony modem dtv box	No, there is a direct wired ethernet port or wifi to connect to the Internet, but there is no pass through. There is everything you could want on this unit including Netflix and Amazon Video Streaming. I have 2 and am very happy I purchased them.
google chrome os recognise dvd player device	When I first got it, it did. An automatic update seems to have disabled that function. To use the DVD/BluRay I have to load a disc. Then it automatically plays. 
would like know sony nsz-gt1 problems logitech revue netflix interested adquiring sony nsz-gt1 place order would like know whether sony nsz-gt1 same	i used the Sony device for a few weeks at my sister's house and really like it, i had no problems accessing Netflix and the internet. I decided to purchase the Logitech Revue to replace my Roku box thinking i would prefer the full keyboard, but the Revue has been nothing but frustrating.
i'm going buy sony google tv still need something like sony nsz-gt1 watch netflix browsing net tv	If the TV you buy says it is a Google TV, that would indicate that the TV has the apps installed and is internet ready. BTW, the NSZ-GT1 is long discontinued, but newer models are available.
hdd work ipod classic 6th generation model	No, for classic 6g models you will need a 80 or 160gb hard drive. 30gb is not compatible
hdd work ipod classic 5th generation model 1136	Yes, this is the HDD for that kind of Ipod 30,60 & 80GB. The 120GB won't fit.
drive work 4th generation ipod click wheel	It worked in my ipod video. Unfortunately it was used (came with someone else's music on it) and later broke.
left-handed compatibility anyone know able oriented left-handers	Once flipped around, you'll be staring at the Moleskine logo on the cover, upside down, for the rest of your life. And the elastic will be backwards. And the iPad home button will be at the top.
hard drive new kind packaging come in	Looked new. Came in anti-static bag with yellow Static warning sticker as seal. No problems since install. Could not swear it's not refurbished item, but I'm satisfied.
would nexus 10 fit wonderful case	I have no idea. It has a form-fitting plastic case that snaps the iPad into place
fit new ipad air	No - and it is impossible to find replacements for the moleskin pad that is included
case allow use camera/video without removing it i see hole backside	No, there's not one. Its designed to be a paper note-taking platform, and so you give up that option.
ipad 2.0 hold ipad 2 maing new version	The iPad 2 is entirely too thin to fit snugly into the Moleskine case. The first iPad fits in there just right, but the iPad 2 lacks the thickness to keep it from flopping around.
replacement paper type moleskine pad order want refill it	All I know is the size 7" x 9" My guess is Volant Reporter Plain, but can't find them.
ever ship anyone order ship yet perhaps received already	LOL, just as I read this, I received an e-mail not more than three minutes ago from Amazon. Delivery date of 29 November. Edit: delivered yesterday.
replacement notebooks anyone seen price replacement notebooks cost	Yes, it comes with a Moleskine Reporter Plain pad. The exact dimensions are 7 x 9 inches. Haven't found a replacement yet...
ouch pricey man that's little much paper based cover unless mis-reading description product pic wrong paper...right	Hi Jeff, I don't think it is actually paper. According to the Moleskine website, it appears that there is a suede liner on the inside, which leads me to believe that while it will have a similar texture to the paper notebook, it will be made of a more sturdy material. 
run apple computer graphic card ati radeon hd 5870	AMD Radeon HD5570, HD5750, HD5770, HD5850, HD5870, HD5970 is NOT compatible with Bypass monitor. http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71z2E7YUS3L._SL1500_.jpg And also, DVI gender and port replicator has restriction to connect with this kind of bypass monitor. Apple Macbook Pro, Air need mini DP to DVI Dual link adapter (Not single link adapter)
display sort ghosting playing video games scrolling	None whatsoever. The important thing to remember is to use a DVI-D cable on the correct port of your video card. I have a GTX780 and there are two DVI ports so I had to research a bit.
much monitor weigh	A bit heavier than a normal sized LCD monitor because it's 30 inches, but definitely lighter than a Thunderbolt display. I have both so I noticed the difference when I set the Yamakashi on my desk. If you are curious about the actual numbers in weight, mine's all wired and settled in so I probably won't hold it and get on a scale, but it's certainly lighter than a similar sized TVs. (I'm assuming you are asking this question because of wall mounting feasibility)
monitor warranty	No. It is a bit of a risk but It was worth the risk. Its a by pass monitor so not much to go wrong with it.
screen matte gloss	The one I received is matte, which seems to be the same that others I've read online (from other vendors than Amazon) have gotten.
dimensions monitor panel width height	18 and 1/2 inches high, 27 and 1/4 wide. the stand adds 2 and 1/4 inches to the height. The bezel on 3 sides is 1 inch thick. the bottom is about 2 inches thick.
ccfl lcd panel generate excessive heat	It's a very large screen and it does get rather warm. Don't know how to draw the line for excessive?
anyone used monitor nvidia gtx 980 	I use it with the GTX 770 4GB and it performs great. Only thing is that it only accepts DVI-D and it didn't work when I ran it out of an HDMI socket on the card with an adapter.
like know save file avi format	Thank you for your inquiry. This camera doesn't have a built-in SD card to record video onto. Please purchase a DVR recorder to record video, and choose AVI when backing up your video file.
much weigh would want mount adjustable arm want know typical arm take it	Depends on what you call a typical arm. I have inexpensive arms that support it fine, but you want to get an arm that will support 15-20 pounds.
considering work monitor work lot large financial models docs view/edit maybe watch movies tips thoughts thanks	I have had mine for about three weeks. I am in the process of getting ready to write a review, but to address your specific question: Yes, it is an excellent choice for a work monitor. The screen real estate at native resolution is simply enormous.
hi save file avi format	Thank you for your inquiry. This camera doesn't have a built-in SD card to record video onto. Please purchase a DVR recorder to record video, and choose AVI when backing up your video file.
power supply included 	We'll include a free power supply when you purchase the camera.
power supply gw security gwclk20 420tvl	We'll include a free power supply when you purchase the camera.
supports acer aspire computer e5 751p	Most plug-n-play accessories have preloaded drivers from the manufacturer, I would say that yes the E5 751P is supported. And if not the appropriate driver can be obtained from Acer. Just make sure you have two USB ports side by side, one for the power supply and one for the data transfer.
sake knowing it'll fit decor would nice know diameter clock  note i've already ordered it curiosity's sake ask	The diameter of this clock is ~10.5"
show black white  coller	The camera is a color camera. It produces color video as long as there's light. The camera doesn't work under complete darkness as it doesn't carry any infrared LEDs.
work acer aspire one running linux mint 17	a work and acer aspire perfet
work windows 8.1	it is an external drive it matters the computer not the system
compatible mac os 10.4.11	i dont know
use drive acer aspire v5	yes you can
run windows 8 	When I bought this external drive my PC was on XP. I have not tried it with Win 7 or Win 8. However, it should work just fine and if not the driver for Win 8 should be easy to find at either MS website or the manufacturer's website.
burn disks...is driver install this	Install Windows Media Player 11. I have this installed in my PC, and it works great.
play games computer	Yes.
work windows 8	It does, but it wont play dvds, only cds which kind of sucks : (
work imac	Yes, it works on ANY Mac
windows 7 compatible external usb dvd/cd f netbook dvd/cd work windows 7	Yes, download VLC Media Player (it's free) to play DVDs.
want play language dvds hp notebook windows xp need that	Are they cd's or dvd's? Either one should play. I'm using Windows XP and have used the drive for both.
work galaxy 10.1 tablet	Is your Galaxy Tablet powered by Android software? The Android systems have no drivers to run a CD/DVD player. I hooked this portable player up to a USB adapter and managed to power the player into my tablet but there is no recognition of the device by the tablet. It does not know what the unit is. Perhaps in the future someone will write drivers for this device. Someone else explained to me that the software was written for a phone. Phones do not need CD players. John
usb teac cd-224e dvd/cd play cds dvds windows 8.1 dell laptop fix	Make sure you have downloaded Windows media player or VLC media player or some other "player". I had the same problem; the DVDs weren't playing because I didn't have the proper software to play them. Hope that helps.
recognized laptop external site download driver	It loaded right up on my Windows 7 laptop which is 6 years old. Unless you are using XP/Win98 there won't be a driver. Did you plug in both cables?
compatible surefire lights lifepo4 say compatible lipos going function properly	I use this charge device and rechargable batteries that it was supplied with for all three of my Surefire lights. The charger works fine, recharges quickly and lasts for quite a while after charged, as long as commercial purchased batteries.
surefire	Yes-Used them in a surefire led tactical light. One drawback- when its out, it's OUT. Keep the charged spares in glove case on belt or do a weekly ( or more frequent) 'swap out'.
batteries work bushnell range finder	Why wouldn't it?
currently using mp3 player listen music truck no cd player plug usb port console would work way	Maybe it would, but it never worked right for me under almost any circumstance.
work aim 5mw green laser	They come off the charger at almost 4 volts, so they may trigger any over-voltage circuit. I couldnt use them for my intended purpose , but they are okay on small weaponlights, but not surefires.
batteries work streamlight twin task 2l	I do not recommend these batteries. They deliver more than 3.6 volts under load and more than 4.00 in open load. They are unpredictable, they do not hold charge after a few cicles, and if you use two of them like in series, one will hold charge longer than the other. I don't know why they sell them as 3.00 volts. Bad bad :-(
charger work aa/aaa batteries well	no
fit gander mtn 350 lumen flashlight uses cr123a batteries thanks advance	Yes, they are like any cr123a batteries. They seem to hold a very good charge and are worth having. The charger works great too.
mag tac maglite led light works it	Some of my batteries work better than others, but they all suddenly quit giving a very dimm light. These batteries have a voltage regulator that cuts bellow certain voltage (3.2 v). Their regular voltage is not 3 volts but more than 3.6 up to 4.1 v. What kind of voltage regulator they have? Just to cut below certain voltage. I don't think these are good batteries for electronic devices. At least those that require 3 volts. Bad bad.
what's diameter color b&amp;w onboard storage like sd card	The diameter of this clock is 10.5" It is color when there's light, and it doesn't see in the dark because it doesn't carry infrared LEDs. 
batteries work steamlight pro tac hl uses cr123a battery	They should work just fine and give you about an hour of working time before needing to be replaced with a freshly charged set.
batteries work steamlight pro tac hl uses cr123a battery	They will work, I use them in all my tac lightS. They don't last as long, so you gotta charge them often, and here and there the batteries will stop working. I've got about 10 I've been cycling over the past 5 year and maybe 4 of them went out. In the long run they are woth it, they save a lot compared to buying cr123A all the time.
skype	Not sure what your asking but I will say this mike is very responsive when used with the tuning app form iTunes App store. I use this all the time when tuning my guitars and other instruments. You can have lots of good times with this tool. Enjoy the day !
ipod touch 1st generation product work ipod touch 1st generation	Will it work with the 3rd generation?
love card works great 1520 received usb flash drive for	It most likely is an adapter to that you put the card in to connect with a usb ported device
carry product white 	http://www.amazon.com/Microphone-Recorder-Apple-iPhone-S-White/dp/9862510447/ref=sr_1_5?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1407263669&sr=1-5&keywords=white+Mini+Microphone
would product useful ipod touch 64 gb model  mc011ll	Yes, that is why I bought it. It works great.
use laptop well inbuilt laptop mic functioning properly,so hoping use external replacement	Its highly possible since its a microphone, I bought this a long time ago for an ipod but I'm pretty sure it would work for a laptop.
hi tell micro sd card made really work fine nokia lumia 1520	I am sorry. Its hard to tell i just look for it on amazon as micro sd card for nokia lumia 1520 and until now is working perfectly. Just in case i download everything on my micro sd card!
difference sd market better transference rates	I bought SD card about three months ago, it,s amazing I have access to all my document everywhere from phone and computer. I would recommend to anyone who will be using it to keep his document for easy access and the other thing I like about my SD card is easy to use. I hope I answer your question. I hope you will enjoy it.
thought 1520 could capable using 32 gig	Really? Mine came with no disc and I bought a 64 gig. Check out the manual.
guarenteed work 1520 bought diff class 10 card doesen't	It worked with mine
usb flash drive for see mentioned specs bought it	It is a MicroSD card for cell phones, Tablets, and Cameras.
wll work france	Yes... This will work all over the globe.
used korea japan	Yes to both. Japan plugs look exactly like North American plugs with 110V and Korea is same as Europe. this adapter can be used anywhere.
work italy	Yes
work india	This universal wall adapter worked in all countries in Europe and in the United states...also in south America...thanks
work southern caribbean	yes but the one I bought broke the first day
work dominican thanks time	it worked in south africa
anyone tried charging nexus tablet this	It has USB which is standard so as long as your tablet can recharge via USB cable then you should be fine.
power entering usb entrance take power usb port	The USB port is powered by plugging into a wall outlet. It then charges your devices (phones, tablets, etc.) through the USB port into a cord into your device. 
work nepal see one configuration pictures unsure universal	It appears to me that Nepal used the same adapters as India. This unit has an adapter for Europe. I have successfully used European adapters in India, but the pins are smaller and may not make good contact. You would be better off buying an adapter made for the correct plug.
product works galaxy s4	Idk I ordered mine a month ago and haven't yet recieved it.
card work devices gopro only	This is a high speed micro SDHC card that comes with an adapter tgat allows it to work with ALL devices that is compatible with SDHC standard (most new devices)
used go pro white black	Any chip that will work in the Black will work in the White or Silver
hi work samsung galaxy note2	Hi, You know, I just tried on my galaxy s3 and it DOESN'T work at all. This is a cheap piece of plastic. I suggest you go buy one at best buy at the Samsung hub, that way they can help you with any doubt. And best of all, you can return it if it doesn't work.
work well gopro 4 silver	It has worked fine for us.
work gopro hero	It work perfectly thanks
work gopro 4 silver	I understand that it will work in it fine.
use psp	No a psp uses another type of memory card it's a slight thicker and a little bit longer then this one
hello used samsung galaxy note siii wife galaxy note want know works phones	No it cannot. You have to buy one that's made for the note.
got today sd err inserted hero3 ideas solutions	Sorry I don't know about the Hero3. I used mine for my new Galaxy S4 and it worked just fine. My only complaint was that it only registers 29G .
used android smartphone devices reformatted	I use it with my Samsung Galaxy S4 thus I assume its compatible with all androids.
used pc laptop	was for a galaxy S4 and it comes with an adapter to use with PC, MAC or laptop
adapter come sd micro	Yes.
use galaxy s3 camera anyone try yet	I am using it in my Samsung Galaxy 4s mini (9195).
work samsung phones	Yes sir.
download/save apps card	Yes. It's on my phone, it's good.
used gopro camera	I have no idea. I don't have one of those cameras and I wouldn't know. You might want to google that for info.
used camera cannon powershot adapter	Sorry, I did not use it in a camera
bought sandisk samsung galaxy s4 phone however neither disks fit back phone something wrong	Make sure you are inserting the card the right way. Is the only thing I can think of. I have the S4 and fits just perfectly.
work samsung s4 mini	Yes it will
sd card compatible samsung galaxy s4 mini	I have a 32gb mini sd card in my Galaxy S4 and it works great, keep the adapter as some day you will want to transfer from the phone to your computer
work samsung ace 3 s7275	Yes it should
comes sealed blister  kingston carton  thanks replying	Yes it does
comes original retail packaging blister	Yes it looks like as if you bought it from a store
possible use m2 slot	yes
use devices galaxy phone	Good question. But im not sure. Ive sinced upgraded to an S 5 and it does work in that but on others im not sure. ;)
sd card compatible samsung galaxy s4 mini	Yes but its a terrible card overall ruined all my data on my s4
used android tablet	I don't know , I use it for my galaxy s4
mini hdmi micro hdmi	there are 2 different hdmi cable connector, the micro hdmi connector is the smallest and the mini is the next smallest but the other end of the cable is the standard size hdmi connector. i hope this info. help you.
card going work galaxy s3	I would think so, as long as it has a micro SD port.
trim back plastic mini side bit mini micro port bit deeper	Yes, ends are made of molded plastic and can be trimmed using a utility knife.
work canon rebel t3	It works well with my Canon EOS Rebel T1 so I expect it will do so with the T3 as well.
cameras used tablet mini hdmi output	Yes
work canon eos 70d	Not sure about your type of camera but if it has the mini hdmi input then it should work.
work canon vixia hf r400	That camera does have the same HDMI connection, so I would say that it should.
memory card cell phone bold 9700	I'm pretty sure that memory cards are all standard
works canon 60d im looking buy 60d thats ask	I bought an adapter, not this cable, so I can't help you.
different sizes mini hdmi	No.
work canon powershot sx510 hs camera type connector end type c 	Yes, Mr. Green, Under the flap on the R. side of the body, there are 2 ports, a MINI HDMI cable( the ones sold by Amazon Premium Canon Mini HDMI cable) for connecting to an HDTV and USB/AV port to transport photos to your computer.
long take arrive	We Ship the same day that you put your order. Thanks
question product product connect tv desktop right	Yes! Definitely! ... I currently use this to play movies from my desktop computer onto a 32" Samsung HDTV television and it works great, even in full 1080p!
work lg led tv	yes it work very well
what's length cord	My charging cord is in FL so I am questimating! Approximately 36" or 3 feet. No more than that. Hope this helps. If I had it with me I would gladly take it out and measure the exact length. lm
fit garmin 1300 gps conflicting answers fit it	Yes it does.
awg wire size least 24awg	American Wire Guage, thickness of copper wire - the higher the number the less it can handle... and the thinner the strands are... average electric cord wire for say a 75-125 watt lamp is 18awg
work garman nuvi 1350	Yes, this will work as well.
mini micro usb connector cable used nuvi 54lm gps	There are two (2) different USB mini style ends &gt; Mini-A & Mini-B. I have had a close look at my 1300-GPS cable + the following website! I have had 3 Garmins and each one has used the "Mini-B" USB connector. 
use cable garmin nuvi charge car using usb outlet instead cigarette lighter outlet	You can use it to charge your Nuvi, but it will not allow you to connect to your computer in order to allow for upgrades to the OS or map upgrades.
card work 1490 lmt model	Yes it will work in a 1490 LMT. I use it in my 1490 LMT all the time and it has works great.
work nuvi 1390	the cost is small worth a trial it wored on my 1450
work garmin nuvi 1300 series	I don't know. It DID work nicely with my Garmin 1450T
need buy microsdhc card reader product pc usb port	You will need an adapter to plug the mini plug directly into the usb.
willl work garmin nuvi 50lm 5	It works in my Garmin nuvi 1450. I used just the mini section of the MicroSD and it fit perfectly in the slot on the side of the unit. I hope this helps to answer your question.
card work 1450 lmt model	It fit perfectly in my 1490 and I believe the only difference between the two models is the blue tooth capability
go way side slot nuvi 1450 stick side adapter needed	Yes, it goes all the way in. It does not stick out. No adapter.
compatible nuvi1 400 series	Yes it is and it works quite nicely.  
also support lower resolution...example computer resolution high hdtv resolution	Yes it does
whats gauge cable	The print on the cable pictured suggests it is 22AWG. This is not the cable I received. The print on the cable I received states it is (High Speed HDMI Cable With Ethernet) it is 6mm diameter a little less than 1/4 inch and weighs less than a pound.You can hold the cable rolled up as pictured in one hand.
specs real 1080p-2160p 4k 3d deep color truehd cl3 800hz	all hdmi cables are digital. I can't vouche for 4k I used them on 1080p as for the rest they are just standards it's just a digital cable. What you can be concerned about is if the signal gets through the end because of external interference.
cable approved wall installations	I doubt it, it is not shielded and nor is it specifically fire rated. But it's also not carrying any current so personally I think it's a grey area but if you are concerned about potential fire then get something CL3 Rated for In-wall Installation.
support desktop computer hdtv1080i	I've run it up to 1920 x 1200 80 fps, with no issues. You will have no problem with 1080i
many gigabytes per second gbps	I don't know the answer to that. Sorry
per stated premium 50 foot high speed hdmi cable sony bravia kdl-40ex400 hdtv use tv devices samsung	Yes, an HDMI cable is a universal connection type cable. Similar to let's say a USB cable or connection. The current version is V 1.3
fit garmin 40	You need to check the spec sheet for your unit. You can find it on the Garmin web site. If it accepts a MicroSD card then this storage device should work on your unit.
cd player cleaner work car cd players	It did not work in my car CD player. My player stopped working from something sticky on a disc. I got this product in the hope of a cheaper fix, and for my problem it did not work.
know working there bought lens cleaner wal mart took in said check cd blank...it came directions thought getting different one...that one guess wasnt car cd	The CD 340 gives instructions on the disc. Then you play through the cleaning track. It took using the cleaning disc two times to fix my problem but it did.
2001 ford explorer,cd slot drive,started shuffle different tracks audio cd.any one problem fix it	I used the phillips brand on mine and it fixed up my problems. If your problem is just a dirty lens this should help. Make sure your cd is unscratched when before and after testing. These are good to use on your home cd and dvd players as well, including computer drives.
clean cd player mercedes s550	I used mine on a honda cd player and it worked well.
work car stereo cuz bought inserted car stereo clean butthe track 2 suppose cleaning not	No
say skip track 3 music stops say go track 2	As soon as the explanation of track one is over the cleaning will start on track 2,once the cleaning time is finished you can take it out or leave it in and listen to the music playing,but it's the cleaning that has to be turned off at the alotted time for best quality,it's your option to let tarck 3 play,it's a great product and does the job. rich
heard cd player push in opposed tray cleaners get stuck player  true bose radio/cd	I tried it in my '04 Gran Prix which is a push in and it work perfectly. It ejected as it is supposed to do without an issue. Maybe someone else has a different experience. But this player was the reason I purchased it. Hope this helps!
work dvd players well	I was reading the description on Amazon for this product and it specifically says "Compatible with CD players and CD-ROM drives. Not for laptops and Blu-ray". Maybe you should try looking for one that specifically works for DVD players and see what pops up. Hope this helps.
went track 3 instructed said press play play button cd nothing moved get disc clean	Mine cleans on Track 2, not 3. Maybe we are talking about different products. A CD player with no play button? How do you play anything?
work iphone	Yes. It works on anything that you can plug earphones into
product work slot style cd players	Yes, it works in the slot, but it didn't clean my lens in my 2 vehicles, at all. It had good reviews, so I really thought it would work.
car doesnt cassette input cd player car charger adapter play music cellphone	You need a new CD player with a line in aux or blue tooth otherwise your phone can communicate with the device.
equipment needed play tapes car cd	This is for car that only have tape players so that you can play cd's and ipod's from portable players
issues auto-reverse purchased rca play minutes starts constantly reverse itself	I have had this for almost a year and have had no problems with auto reverse.
purchased this use car one speaker six works happen unit defective radio amp;cd player	Hello. If everything works without the cassette, its possible the Maxell CD-330 is defective. Look at the heads on the cassete deck, and make sure they are clean. 
long cord	The cord is 4 feet in length.
work dcr-trv730 hi8 camcorder	It should work.
could use vintage super 8	I believe we are talking about the same thing. Yes I use them in my old video camera.
many pack for new ones	2 per pack
2 drive gears tape 1 3/4 inches center center 	No
crazy quesion fat tapes thin ones looking fat camcorder tapes	thin
tapes work sony video hi8 xr ccd-trv85 camcorder	Yes,they work great in my Sony TRV85...
minidv tapes slightly different	MiniDV tapes are made for data storage and for use in Panasonic or other brands of MiniDV camcorders. 
work sony handycam video hi8 ccd-trv138/trv338 digital 8 dcr-trv280	The Answer Is YES: Maxell 8 mm Video Cassette Taps Will Work On Any Video Equipment That Bears the "8" Mark. That Includes The Maxell GX-MP High Quality Tapes Pictured.
right tapes sony dcr-trv-120 camera	No. This sony camcorder requires a "Hi-8 Video Cassette Tape". This is a smaller tape with a higher resolution. Maxwell 6-120 8mm tapes are larger and will not fit.
maxell 8mm work samsung model sca30 	If you look it up you will find this 8MM tape is made to fit your camera.
would work boogie board	My husband just tried using it on his BB and it worked. It is not as pointy as the one that comes with the BB but that did not pose any problems.
work samsung galaxy tab 4 galaxy tab s	These are meant to work on resistive screens. The tabs you are asking about are capacitive screens and these stylus as far as I know won't work with them.
stylus work iphones	these things are garbage! they're super tiny & no, they didn't work on my iPhone when I got them though this was a number of years ago.
stylus work transformer infinity	I thought it would work on my phone and was disappointed to learn it doesn't. Due to the small lettering I was looking for a small stylus that would work on my phone.
palm work ipad first virsion	nope does not work with iphone so I think the iPad is the same :( I order a different type of stylus that works well ..just make sure it has the microfiber mesh
work kindle fire looking stylus use take notes thanks	From what I have read these stylus wont work. You need the broader headed kind of stylus.
work kindle like jig saw puzzles looking stylus like this	No it doesn't. It is more suited for a ds by Nintendo. This is a terrible stylus for packets. However the handstylus found on handstylus.com works amazing.
work autel maxidas	I checked the online manual for the MaxiDas ans it says it has a stylus and this note NOTE: Only use the supplied stylus pen or plastic-tipped pens on touch screen display. Do not use pencil, pen or any other sharp object. These do sound like they should work. They are a little pointy but that's how they are made.
u need already phone service work	My best guess is yes because if you do not have phone service then what would the unit transmit
rca wireless phone jack compatible at&amp;t u-verse using easy jack upgraded u-verse work	I don't know. I have com cast triple play. I worked fine with that. I used this out in my my garage where I had set up an office.
hook phone jack transmit modem	We have Charter Internet and SWB land line. We were unable to get it to work reliability at all. And the land line that did work had to be very close to the Internet connection. I don't know if this answers your question or not. Sorry.
used credit card machine	I have used these for fax machines in the past and they work. A credit card machine works in a similar manner to the fax machine.
product work 220v electricity grid	No. I don't believe so.
use stylus hp touch screen laptop	Nope... I bought it for my Lenovo touchscreen laptop and it didn't work.. :/
interfere powerline ethernet av adapter system same concept ethernet signal use trentnet powerline av adapters	I can't say. My problem was that I needed it to power an old rotary phone and it wouldn't support the ringer. 
vhs camcorders really good condition guaranteed	in excellent condition, picture and sound like brand new. i can not complain everything was good quality. i greatly recommend it. luis alberto sanchez
camera use full size vhs tape small ones looking full size	Full size VHS tapes
work rotary phone	I've never tried it with one, but i doubt if it will.
case included	no
pal ntsc	It is not PAL. This purchse was disappointing as it consisted of the camera, the wrong supply cord and the wrong battery charger. I ended up donating it to Goodwill. Disappointing, indeed!
reviews seem cd players photo product says dvd disk players too work well dvds	Kathleen I've never used mine on a CD player yet only DVD players and it worked fine for all 3 of mine...
device work cd changer discs stored vertically sony 400cd megastorage	I used it on my car CD player/changer and they are stored vertically in it.....it worked wonderfully. Prior to using it I was getting constant skipping & after using it, everything plays well.
cd cleaner work car cd player	My car is an '02 Intrepid. The player began skipping occasionally and gradually got worse to a point where I just quit using it altogether.
compatable voip phone system hd tivo dvr	yes
anyone used wii	No, I have not because I don't have a Wii. Sorry.
work car cd player thank you	No, that's what I bought it for and it didn't do anything.
use car cd player player came car	It works well on any cd player including car players. Just keep running it over and over until the player plays.
mazda 3 putting old cd in says check cd wont read play slot 1 disc player work mazda	This disc cleaner works in any home or car stereo that plays cd's, if it is just dust on the lens affecting the playability of your music, this product will help you out
work laptop	I didn't read the packaging to see if it would. You could call the computer department of a local retail outlet (ie. Best Buy) and ask if this type of product would work in a laptop.
unit wall mountable run batteries	No, it does not mount to the wall. Yes, it takes batteries.
cleaner work mac optical drive	It will "operate", but most likely not work. Most drive problems are related to alignment or other technical issues. It can't hurt to try, but if it doesn't work consider replacing the drive itself or just getting a USB plug in drive. You'll be happier and less frustrated!
work multi-disc 6 car cd player would run 6 cd positions	I had mixed results with this product, but you should only have to run it once in order to clean the the cd eye. Good luck
cord used connect mybtablet flat screen tv watch internet tv plugged tablet	No, this is for moving internet from a modem to a router or computer.
unit says error call comes in suggestions	NO
compatible 30 ft away http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00 	Yes, it can work with the TP-Link router.
work majic jack	The Majic Jack uses a standard Ethernet cable, so yes, the Belkin Cat5 will work as well. Note that Majic Jack ships with an Ethernet cable in the box, so you do not need to buy an additional cable unless the old one is missing or broken.
work sony ps3 router	I used mine to connect my router to Xbox 360 and it works fine. I don't see any reason it shouldn't work with a PS3. Hope that helps. BTW, I don't know if you care about the color or the cable. I don't care but as an FYI I bought, the grey cables as they were the cheapest and cables I got actually look closer to white than grey.
ethernet lan i'd use connect router wired blu ray player	As far as the cord is concerned, yes. LAN(local area network) refers to what is on the user(your) side of your router.
work pressure cooker	If the pressure cooker can be connected to a 120V AC socket, this cord should work.
use 700w electric water urn	If your electric water urn can be plugged into a 120V outlet, you can use this power cord.
ethernet cable connect university's ethernet port get lan access computer	Yes, CAT5 cables are ethernet cables and will allow LAN access through an ethernet port.
work benq ms504 video projector	If the BenQ MS504 video projector runs in 120V and supports three prongs power connector, the Belkin AC Replacement Power Cord will work.
cord work q vizio tv model number e32ovl 100-2ov-1.5 50/60hz	Yes
coming texas months forgot electric cable directv receiver box work replacement	This is an AC power cord that plugs into a 120V AC wall socket. If your DirectTV receiver box has the same connector and power spec, you can use the AC power cord for the DirectTV.
work fender amp	It should work as long it match the electrical requirement and the plug fits on the actual unit.
work electric suzuki piano same cord says 120 v 1a mean find 1a cord 15a cord work fine	1A and 15A stand for amps, your unit draws 1 amp, so anything with 1 amp or larger would work. This cord is rated at 10 amps.
use percolator	It's possible, but unlikely. Depends on the specific plug on your percolator. Look closely at the image and compare to your plug. This cord fits most desktop computers, computer monitors, HD TVs, and many other ~large appliances that have removable cords. This is a very common style cord, but not universal.
looking replacement power cord coby lcd 32 t.v tftv3217 power cord work	Yes it would
many fast wipes receive package 	20. Look at the picture again, near the top right.
looking power cord connected male power adapter hp pavilion entertainment pc	As long as it's a TOWER computer (that connects to a Monitor) AND it DOESN'T use the SMALL adapter like Laptops do, then YES, this is the EXACT cord you need.
need connect macbook pro dorm room ethernet fit mac	Yes
help clean dvd scratches makes movie keep stopping	No it wont . But , a lot of times its a stain or dirt that is causing the skip on my CDs .
help dvds tile play dvd player	Yes it did! it very good job.
using drive windows vista windows 7 anybody problems this	NO, I'm sticking with the older systems. IOMEGA recommends using their support so you can format disks in the FAT system. Win 2K assumes NTFS system which may be causing your (undefined) problem.
product work pc windows xp need startup software make drive work computer	It should work on a w/ XP. You may have to download the drivers from Iomega.
2014 now reviews older anything own zip drive work windows 8 pc found bunch old zip 100	It works just fine in windows 7. I guess it acts like a USB CD device except with zip discs. I'm sure it will work with windows 8.
laptop dell inspiron 15 does cable fit dell	It sure will! Ethernet cables are the same on every single computer, there is no difference between the port on your Dell and the port on a Macbook.
data stored zip 100 disks device let download data disks desktop	yes. its plug and play. it has a cd incase your os is older than Win7 :)
want download navigation data store zip drive unit need	If you have a Universal UNS1 that uses the DT100 transfer box then yes you need this.
connect external zip reader cable one usb	I am not sure whether you are questioning the cable or the connection on your PC. if shipped properly, the cable is a standard USB.
mac compatible	Yes. This worked with the iMac. I had a lot of old zip disk files from my old g3 and this open all of them.
use transfer pc formatted data onto macbook pro	According to the box, it's a yes. This is what it requires. Apple iMac or power MacIntosh computer with built-in USB connection.
external 100 zip drive plpconnection cable use drive cable plp usb	Not sure what a plp is. The Zip Drive does come with a cable that connects it to a USB port on the computer. Hope this helps !
work 110v	yes
cord item flat plug ie fit easily outlet located behind sofa straight plug	The plus is not flat, but it is not a standard plug either.
i'm buying someone else...does come everything he'll need plug run it	The package includes the drive, USB cable and power Adapter. As you may know this is a legacy item and the original CD package does not have drivers for newer Operating Systems. 
power strip holes mounting vertical surface	Yes, it has two holes on the bottom for wall mounting.
circuit breaker switch on-off switch	Yes, there is an on/off switch - actually a button in the center circle.
charger charge pairs possible charge 1 cell at time charger	Yes, I have charged single batteries many times.
charger individual circuits battery must charged pairs	mine does it individually. do tell me more
many amps rated for	I wish I could help. Here is the spec sheet on it and there is no information on the amp rating, just the surge protection. http://media.accobrandspartner.com/datasheets/datasheet2012.aspx?sku=K62634&language=us&country=us&sow=1&hrp=1&brandID=6
color ring taken without power plugs loose	As far as I can tell, the colored rings around each outlet cannot be removed.
turn automatically batteries full prevent overcharging energizer universal charger	yes
need charger would charge two panasonic 9v batteries	I have this. Works flawlessly. http://www.amazon.com/EBL%C2%AE-Version-Charger-Rechargeable-Batteries/dp/B00EB7812C/
put 100-240	I have not done it, but the back of the charger does list 100-240 volt.
wanna use offroad car 12v come cable buy it	Get a power inverter which plugs into the cigarette lighter. The inverter kicks out AC electricity. You can plug your battery charger into the inverter which has an AC outlet.
plug regular outlet start charging process	Once the batteries are properly inserted into the charger, the charger inserts into any 110 vac outlet.
charge type battery duracell charger	I think so.
work canon rebel t5i camera	No. sorry, this camera uses a lithium battery. LP-E8 standard. (Per manual )
pictured product model chfc2 review information seems indicate shipped chfc model shipped	What you are questioning is just the extra batteries.
radio shack md 100 keyboard headphone set fit need adapter 	We have a Yamaha clavinova electric piano and we did not need anything extra It comes with an adapter It is a great product for the money!
headphones compatible casio keyboard	Yep.
use samsung cell phone	Yes
headphones compatible yamaha psre-343 61-key portable keyboard	They are called Yamaha headphones for keybaords, your answer is in your question. LOL
theses headphones compatible yamaha psr320 keyboard	Yes
hi headphone works casio px 150 digital piano	It will work with any keyboard that has a headphone socket
headphones compatible yamaha p35 piano	I have no idea. All I can say about these headphones is - they do not help me much in hearing better.
work casio ca-110 tonebank keyboard	yes. As long as it has the same size jack. If not, there are always adapters you can buy at any radio shack or music store to make it work.
compatible casio digital piano px150	I use this head set when I play my Yamaha digital 88 key piano. It's very good quality
adapter screw click in	Clicks in
trackball used windows 7 old ones would work	Yes, mine works on win7 64bit
connect usb 	There are all kinds of PS2 to USB adapters online. If you have a Radio Shack near you, they probably have some. 
specifically usb adapter works use trackballs macintosh can't make one work	if you are trying to get the fx to run on a mackintosh, then i don't have an answer as i am a pc user.
use thumb move marble	hi marina. it can be used, but it's much easier and more complete (at least for me) to use the right side of the trackball.
scroll	No!
compatible md200tpr	Yes it is!
compatible motorola mr350tpr	I would suggest you go to the Motorola website to find out what cord fits it. I couldn't answer that without knowing what type of connector your phone has.
scroll mouse	Well, I think so. The small left click button I believe will turn it on and off. I never did use it to scroll while I had mine hooked up.
need walkie talkie connect walkie talkie built in	It is not a radio - it is only a headset.
anyone state sure pin 2.5mm 3.5mm thanks	I used some calipers to measure it, it is a 2.5mm.
work motorola mr350tpr radios?they talkabouts	Stuart, gonna go out on limb & say yes, I can't find the part number on my walkabouts, I think your HD set will work! Lonnie
anyone successfully converted wireless i'd pay lot that	logitech made some follow-on trackballs that were wireless and looked like - to some extent - the marble fx, but there were not any direct models of the fx marble that were wireless.
plug anything	"Anything"? Well, not everything, I guess, but they plug into my Motorola T5000 radios.
mr350r	It is is a really great quality and worth every penny
work motorola ms355r	Yes it does and very well might i add
use 2 pin walkie talkie use talking feature	Yes u can, but it goes in and out sometimes.
work motorola mt352r frs weatherproof two-way  35 mile radio	I looked on the Motorola site and they list this microphone as compatible with the MT352R.
1 pin 2 pin connector	One pin connector. It automatically works with VOX or you can use the radio PTT for manual.
work mt350r	Yes it does, plugs right in. Remember that because it only has one pin that it likes to come unplugged easily. Remedy, put a rubber band around it so it stays plugged in all the way.
work motorola mh360cr talkabout radio	I'm not aware of the MH360CR.I did try to find some info about this model,but found none on the Motorola site.So in answering your question I'm sorry to say I just don't know.
work motorola mh23or walkie talkie yellow black	i believe so. i think i had a pair of those and it did work, but im not sure if they are the exact ones. just make sure that the input for the headset is only one small hole, and if it is then it will work.
work motorola walkie talkie 3.5mm port	I believe so. At that price, it's worth the gamble.
would work fo galaxy s5	It will not.
water proof	N0. The 53724 is water resistant.It should sustain a mild mist rain but not a full blown storm or by dropping it into lake. inside the speaker mic, it has a water resistant film draped over the the face of it,also there is one draped over the front of the tiny microphone.
use uniden bcd396xt scanner speaker only	Yes you can.
work motorola ms350r	No it does not.
would work midland gxt1000vp4 36-mile 50-channel frs/gmrs two-way radio thanks	Not sure what plug in you have on the midland. You have to have a Hands free setting on radio for them to work also
would avaible record pc lap top dvd recorder	This is a CAT 5 cable, otherwise known as an Ethernet cable. Although the cable can transmit picture and sound, generally it is not used for that purpose.
use ethernet cables connect internet clips attach laptop keep wearing out clips better solve problem	Yes, I've had the same issue with cheaper cables. The Belkin "Snagless" design is superior to other snagless designed. I know 5 of these cable including 1 I carry with me all the time and I've never had one of these clips break.
anyone used particular cable connect internet phone modem so comment quality	No issues or problems. Strong and transports the signal well.
cable made solid stranded wires	Sorry, but I don't know. I do know that I'm very happy with it's performance, but that's really all I can say..
shielded unshielded	shielded- its been working non-stop for years
use xbox dvd player	If you need a cat five cable for intranet yes
ethernet cable work computer ethernet port	Yes
difference cat5 cat5e cat6 cat5e cable work signals cat6 line	Cat5 - can handle 10/100 Mbps speeds (Fast Ethernet) at up to 100 MHz bandwidth.
cable help stream youtube videos faster	If you're asking if it will stream YouTube videos faster than wifi, than the answer is yes...but if you're asking will it help compared to another brand/type of CAT 5 cable than the answer is probably not.
good college student dorms 	This will work with any Ethernet port with active internet connection.
difference ethernet network cables	They are synonomus. I'm sorry I can't be of more help.
swapped/twisted cable straight one	Allow us to verify this with the team. We'll update you the soonest we hear from them.
ethernet cable consist rj 45 length 3feet	Yes, it's an RJ45 cable and it's 3 feet long.
work verizon htc one android phone	Don't see why not
come one earbud two	Only one
work verizon samsung flip phone	I have motorola flip phone and don't want to work
ear bud jack size 2.5 3.5mm	2.5
swapped/twisted cable straight one another word one used router computer	Yes
motorola talkabout earbud microphone series mic work t6500 series talkabouts	Does this mic work in a two prong 250 talkabout?
work mh230r	It's compatible with all Talk About radios.
2.5 mm 3.5 mm plug	It has a 2.5mm plug, at least thats what the description states
work i365 two way radio	If it has the single pin for the headset then yes it will work.
difficult disconnect reconnect cable using training environment swapped often	Hi Ronald. Simply press the cable connector tab or the plastic clip to plug and unplug the cord.
work cobra cxt 545	Sound quality is not good and I thought they were discontinuing them.
ear bud work motorola 5000 police radio	My two-ways are older and wouldn't work with voice activated headset so I purchased this item, but only after conducting some research. I would suggest visiting the Motorola website to get your answer. I wish I had a better answer for you.
fit 8mm tapes	No
hi old jvc camcorder 1997 need battery powered vhs-c cassette adapter camcorder model gr-ax820u work	Hi, I am sorry I can not tell you if this will work because I am not farmiliar with the model #s of any camcorder. I wish I could've helped.
tons disks pictures them use move pictures onto computer	It's working fine for me under Windows7; plug and play.
device read 720k 3.5 inch diskettes	Yes, and also just to let you know, this device works GREAT! It saved me!
hi there insert betamax cassette tape play vhs cassette recorder	Hello, I hauled out the cassette adapter and read the box and instructions. This device is only meant to adapt a VHS-C tape to a regular VHS player. 
compatible windows 8	I bought Sabrent SBT-UFD8 (USB Floppy Disk Drive). It works well with Windows 8 and 8.1
anyone used floppy drive gain access xp floppy disc.--thanks	I'm not quite sure what you're asking, but I have used the drive numerous times to copy floppy disks created on Windows XP to my computer's hard drive running Windows 7. 
play tdk cassettes	yes it does along with the cassettes types from the video camera.
read 720k	Excellent. It read the floppy and was able to save and transfer files
compatible linux	Yes
brother wp-3500 word processor uses floppy disks want know use pc read disks copy cd	I don't see why not. If your PC recognizes the external drive, you should be ok. The only problem will be format.
drive read iomega100mb zip discs	The iomega discs will not fit in the USB 1.44 reader
warranty	Answer: This product comes with a one-year warranty. In order for us to properly assist you, please follow these simple instructions: Go to www.sabrent.com/support and click Submit a ticket'. Submit your ticket. 
looking answered questions says drive ready go additional cable needed reviewers say does come usb cable now	Yes
i'm trying get camcorder read older hi 8 cassettes  i've purchased two camcorders read hi 8  one	Yes that is the reason I purchased this camcorder
use funai recorder copy old 8mm tape dvd using sony	I just copied severel 8 mm tapes to dvd with this camera, only has standard av output, no s video or usb connections.
camcorder play fuji super hg double coating 8 taps	Yes
need import old hi 8 tapes computer usb input amp firewire  kind inputs camera support	Hi Daniel M., this Sony Handycam doesn't support file transfer to a computer. It doesn't have any input jack to connect a USB or a Firewire. Only available jacks are A/V output for viewing videos to a TV or VCR. Ely
audio stereo	No
play regular 8mm tapes	Guess you can try. I always use 'Hi - 8', and honestly, I don't know the difference. Hope this helps!
camera work include cables/batteries manual plug wall instead using battery a/v inputs	Yes, ir does't, everything id ok
video cassettes use	This Sony Digital Handycam uses Hi8 video cassette. -Ely
know get tri pod stand 	Search for "tripod" right here on Amazon. You can use any regular tripod for this cam.
camera ntsc pal	ntsc
use camcorder transfer hi8 mp 120 tapes dvds	Hi, sony DCR-TRV310 is high end and plays any tapes (8mm, Hi8 as well as digital8). Take care, Norman. 310-968 0555 east coast
xr version	It is just a Hi8 camcorder.
ad mention video camera works record play digital hi-8 video tapes	YES
connected directly vizio flat-screen tv without going dvd player case old vcr	We got our flat screen TV after the Panasonic died on us. So I am unable to answer your question. The Sony VCR we now have connects directly to our Samsung flat screen, if that helps.
unit come remote	No remote is included with this sale.
possible watch one program taping another	You sure can. This is a really nice VCR even though it is older We have been very pleased with it.
old unit	The one I have here at White Mountain Traders says 6.27.1999.
connect iphone hear music receiver	yes by mini jack to rca cable
come remote	Sorry Keyshawn It does not.
camcorder come battery and so model 	I cannot answer this definitely, I just remember when I bought mine from a friend it came with on slim battery like all Sony's did. 
kind puts im looking small 4 pin one computer	Besides "standard" Video-AudioRight-AudioLeft RCA jacks (yellow-red-white), this camera does not have USB output. Instead it has the IEEE 1394 interface. 
phono input plug turntable 	yes it has a phono stage RIAA
tape work pt-80 model	According to their webiste (https://www.brother-usa.com/Labeling_Solutions/ModelDetail/7/PT80/supp#.U0bnSfldV8E), yes the M231 Black-On-White Label Tape will work with the Brother PT-80 Labeler.
brother pt-1750 takes tz tapes work labeler	No. I have another machine that takes TZ tapes and the cartridges are different.
ab speakers	only one pair of speakers connection
cartridge p-touch m-k231s m-k231 advertised work well s indicate	If it's the cartridge that came with the labeler, it is a sample cartridge shorter than the standard 26.2-foot length. The "S" stands for "sample."
length tape see 5.3 x 3.3 x 0.6 inches mentioned 5.3 i assume feet long	26.2 feet. Lots of labels! " )
tape paper plastic	It feels like plastic.
length tape	The package indicates it's 26.2 ft. in length.
labels adhere baggies mason jars plan put freezer	Yes, you just need to apply them BEFORE they are frozen. I labeled the freezer blocks (ice packs) for lunchboxes and they work fine. As long as they are stuck on before the item gets wet or frozen they work!
brother p-touch d200 fit	Per Brothers website, no, it appears it doesn't.
fit brother p-touch 2200/2210 thank you	No. According to the Next Your Labeler takes the Z-Tapers. So for Black on White, You would need the TZ-221 3/8th tape (9mm) width or the TZ-S231 for the 1/2"(12mm) wide black on white.
work model pt-70	The packaging for the M231 replacement tape states that it is an "M" tape which are compatible with P-touch labelers. I have a PT 90.
adapter plug radio something use car antenna antenna get range far	Range depends on the CB antenna used, and location. With just 5 watts, you could get 5miles if you were on the flatlands, or a desert.
handle bar mounts radio motorcycle	The only one I've found was was from J@M model PACB-409-15. And they have a high opinion of it. I slightly modified an ARKON mount with the small pouch. 
made in	China
fm	CB in the US is AM, although sometimes SSB is used.
need license operate radio	You DO NOT need a license to operate a CB radio.
pa function	No
jack external speaker 	The unit only has provisions for a external head set. I couldn't find anywhere on the unit or in the manual mentioning external speaker. You maybe able to use a speaker using the head set output. Y
anybody else trouble tuning external antenna red line swr readings connected mobile adapter	If your SWR reading was higher on channel 40 than it was on channel 1, then it simply means the antenna is too long. 
antenna mounted thermalpane rv window	I could be mounted but I suspect the space between thermalpane glass would be a huge loss of signal to maybe no signal at all.
antenna correct connection connect cobra 75wxst	Yes, my CB is working just fine.
antenna move up tune cb not tune one	Doesn't move up or down you can tune it with small screw driver.
bluetooth compatible	No it isn't.
far radios reach	It depends, we attached ours to an external antenna and plugged into our car accessory plug and could communicate up to about 5 miles on flat terrain and a couple of miles in the mountains.
signal transfer thru plastic windshiekd boat windshield	It should since safety glass has plastic layers. Check with the mfg.
use 12 ft cable comes antenna work without wires	Yes, you have to use the cable. Unfortunately it will not work without it.
work midland 1001lwx 40 channel mobile cb weather scan far rang radio link http://www.amazon.com/midland-1	Yes
well would work tinted window and/or would window tint affect anything	does not work on tinted windows
need plug wire work	No just connect the antenna to your tranceiver.
used scopes come tripod	As far as I know, the scope with a tripod (instead of the rickety tabletop legs) is a different model.
see rings saturn	Yes
nikon d5000 digital camera take pictures telescope proper adapters	I am not sure. I have not been able to use it yet. But am looking to get back into it when time allows. Sorry :-(
long antenna	It's around 24" long. Give or take an inch or two. It's not at my current location so I can't get an exact length but hope this information helps a little....
buy midland 1001z 40-channel radio antenna recommend work optimally	This antenna has performed the best out of all of the glass mounted styles that I have used; It is also more sturdy, and has a screw in type connector to the internal receiver, which is a plus if you are installing it behind pillars to hide the wire! The signal will not be as strong as a direct wired antenna, but with a direct wired antenna, you will have to have either a magnetic mount or have a wire passing through your door and crimping your rubber molding! Overall it is the best option for a clean installation!!! Just my two cents!!!
control scope computer	Yes you can if you have the adaptor. It's actually super cool and you can use it to track from star to star once you have properly aimed and set it up.
supposed attach end cable to	One end locks into your laptop, the other you must wrap around an object which is fixed in place. For instance in my university residence room, I wrapped it around the radiator. Unless someone breaks the radiator out of the wall, they wouldn't be able to take the laptop.
work macbook pro	if you have the newest macbook pro with retina display, there is no kensington lock hole and it will not work. All older macbook pro's should have a hole alongside the cd rom.
keys same need 30 computer lab amp want use 1 key	As far as I'm aware, each unit comes with two "Ace" style keys that are unique to that unit.
work dell latitude e6440	Based on the pictures I've seen, yes, I think so. I use a latitude E6320 at work and it works just fine.
someone bought product use key	No, each key is different and contains a number on the key just in case you lose them. So make sure you register it.
work asus rog g751jy	If your laptop has a Kensington lock slot (as most do), you should be able to use this product. The lock slot is typically found on either the side or back edge of your laptop. It should be marked with a symbol that resembles a padlock with the letter "K" in it.
could someone measure length width t-bar(the small part inserting slot laptop slot 5mmx3.5mm sure fit	I have a 2013 Macbook Pro and it fits perfectly. I measured mine and it is about 7mm by about 3mm. I don't what the official spec measurement is but I'm guessing it is going to fit.
work mini ipad	I can't see how it would. There is NO built in space for the lock as there is on the laptop. Also the cable is way to big to use on something that small
length cord	Actual measurement: 3'4" cord (40" including connector and volume control)
volume turned full off audio coming thru 	Yes, this works for me.
i've lost keys get replacement key	The original came with two keys. If you have lost both of them did you register them when you bought the lock? If you registered just login to the Kensington website and reorder your replacement keys. 
make louder headphones w/o volume control listen music want little bit louder	No. It is a simple attenuator and can only lower the volume. I did a comparison check to make sure. 
please explain works mp3 player plug mp3 player plug headphones this plug this	Yes
work different types mp3 players	As long as it's equiped with mini jack!
work ipod control volume still use standard headphone with volume control	It's volume control is independent of the iPod volume
work iphone headset samsung s3	Yes Janice it will work. :-)
compare portapro sound quality good close i've used koss clip on liked sound clips always came	I have both. I can't tell the difference in terms of sound quality. In my opinion, the SportaPro looks better and does not hurt my ears, as the PortaPro does after prolonged wearing.
skip song volume control	It is Volume control only.
koss volume control allow set left right volume settings independantly different levels	No. It just has one "knob" on the side, and adjusts both channels together.
stay head running housework	I've got running with these and never had any trouble keeping them on.
long cord length	4 feet and some change
volume control headphones	No but they get comfortably loud
collapse fit case i'm able get in even bending earpieces	Make sure the headband is at its shortest length, then bend the earpieces in.
behind-the-head band removed earphones use separated phones sweat band find	I don't think so. They are certainly not designed that way.
size connecting jack earphones	3.5mm
plug fit 3.5 mm plug 	Yes the plug on the SportaPro will fit a 3.5 mm receptacle.
mute button inline	No
work apple iphone 3g	Yes it will but it has no phone mic on it. It is purely headphones.
headphones last long time	There pretty good. I love these headphones. But for the price you can't go wrong.
one tried sleep in	I haven't used them for sleeping, but I have used them inside a helmet that presses against my ears, and they are comfortable in that situation, so they should work for this as well.
well foam ear cushions cope sweat ones bose headphones messed 	I haven't really sweat a lot in them. The foam is pretty thin, so I'm a bit worried about how long they'll last in general, but they're replaceable, so probably not a big deal. Sound is good, unless you require monster bass.
dimensions carrying case	small and nice, I like it
sound quality	I felt the sound quality was great for the price. Unlike standard ear buds that just rest above the ear canal this one is designed to go into the canal to concentrate the sound which may or may not be everyone's cup of tea.
headband metal plastic	Metal. They are a mini version of the larger set that costs twice as much. Quite solid. Far better sounding and more durable than any of the other Koss portable headphones displayed.
know nrr is	Sorry I don't know the exact number but they're not too bad.
elaborate tip comfortable expanding foam like comply tips silicone	I'm not familiar with Comply tips, but the foam on these earbuds is soft and comfortable. Definitely not silicone.
long cord	The one I have looks like about 32"-34" from plug up to the left-right split, and then the split is another 12"-14".
compatible iphone 6	Compatible in what way? The 1/8 inch jack is the same size as the iPhone earphone jack...
receive bluetooth transmissions	No
go top head around back looking something goes around back...open suggestions thanks	They go on top of your head.
want use earphones plane noise loud regular headphones inadequate better	These are open back phones. I would not recommend that style of headphone for that use.
used tv	As long as your TV has stereo 1/8" female output sure, but I don't think the cable is long enough you should check any economical extension here in Amazon.
inserts memory foam	They seem to be. I will only use these, they don' hurt my ears, fantastic sound, come with an extra set of "?memory foam?" and they stay in my ears. I always buy extra sets...I am stocking up just in case they stop making them!
wireless listen tv night someone sleeping	No, sorry, they are not wireless.
noise canceling feature	No, they do not feature noose cancelling. The foam earpiece covers allow you to hear noises, conversations, etc. Around you.
headphone hve microphone	No
unit connected 5 channel surround sound system	Mine is connected to a Sony 4 speaker system. However my Optimus 20 band EQ is hooked up to a 5.1 sound system. It may be possible.
use tv	If your tv has a 3.5mm headphone jack then yes you can. You can also convert RCA to 3.5mm if you don't have a 3.5mm jack. The cord is too short to plug into a TV so you'll have to get a 3.5mm jack male to female extension cord.
onkyo two channel amp im using zone 2 denon avr 990 two rca plugs 2 amp 2 l&amp;r way adjust bass treble	If your amplifier (Onkyo) does not have tone control, the EQ200 is an easy way to solve the zone 2 tone control problem. Connect zone 2 output to the equalizer input and the output from the equalizer to the Onkyo input. Carefully adjust the EQ to your needs avoiding the overloading of the Onkyo input stage. Use attenuation rather than amplification on the equalizer controls.
noise cancelling headphones	No
run fm radio alter sound individual tastes 	Yes. If your FM receiver is equipped with a tape monitor loop.
im looking preamp/equalizer turntable adding home audio system work preamp also	Definitely avoid Audiosource. I ended up buying a DBX 215 graphic EQ. I've used DBX equipment in the past and it's solid professional stuff.
odd question  mute vocals leaving instruments	No. Its just a standard eq. Although that would be a cool feature!
use record phono cd recorder thank you	Keep in mind that phono (turntables) inputs normally need to be amplified verses a cassette, CD, etc... I believe you would need to use a receiver that would allow a by-pass for an EQ. You maybe able to route this from your turntable, to EQ and then to a MAC/PC using sound software too.
ther warranty item eq 200 equalizer	Yes, when U buy it from from the store, but Amazon U will have to call to see what they can do 4U, is there a problem with the unit.
connecting denon avr-3802 connect denon avr-3802	Of course you can. Well, I could at least.
use ht-rc560 onkyo reciever record phono cd recorder thank you	Yes you can but not for long because it's cheap Chinese crap. Mine went to hell within a month. If you read my review and others then you would know that this is not quality equipment.
camera take pictures	It cooks rice to perfection.
would give ability set zones need ability turn off/on sound system certain rooms	By, " to set up zones ", you mean, to turn the EQ off and on, and, to specifically dial in EQ for each individual areas ? The answer is no .
memory card slot	No, because this is not a digital camera. It is a 35mm Film camera as stated in the ad.
noise cancelling	Has no voice canceling
product come batteries 35 mm lens	Mines did.
many mega pixels camera	This is a traditional film camera. This is not a digital camera.
automatic film load amp reverse manually turn load amp reverse	It is automatic loading and reverse. This was a great purchase.
come film battery	When I ordered it, yes it did! The film was attached to the camera strap and the batteries were in the box. And yes it is a film camera. It has an automatic focus feature which takes out a lot of the grunt work of working with film, but it is still a film camera. I would recommend keeping in manual mode. The photos turn out better on manual.
type batteries camera need	CR2 batteries.
includes guarantee	No
includes guarantee	No!
take lens camera	Yes, you can use any EF mount lens on this camera. I have three lenses that I use with mine.
made japan made china anyone tell made china made japan	Mine - which are about 15 to 18 years old - are made in Japan. They are still as accurate and sweet as the day I bought them. They are perfect for studio work as they are almost completely neutral and don't emphasize any one frequency. Worth every $$$$ I spent on them - and replacement ear pads, which are getting short in supply. Amazon wants almost $50.00 a pair - but, if it keeps them as accurate as they have been, it's still cheaper than looking for a replacement.
replacement headband pad anyone know possible buy replacement headband pad headphones	The headband (not the ear pads) CANNOT be replaced. I learned the hard way.
i'm looking camera photography class teacher said need able adjust f-stop exposure manually this	Yes,it does. The Rebel 2000 calls this setting "Av" mode, which stands for manually setting the "aperture value." This setting controls the size of the lens opening that lets light in to fall on the film -- a larger aperture lets in more light, and vice versa.
good headphones audiobook editing	Absolutely!
camera fully manual	No, it has an automatic feature that can be turned on or off. I would recommend only using this camera on Manual mode though, because you get better quality pictures.
iphone	It does not plug into an iPhone. I love this Plantronic headset, quality wonderful. I bought an adapter that fit the iPhone but the sound quality was bad so I now use the white ear bud thing that came with the iPhone. 
work pc well android phone also picture shows ear configuration without head band comfortable amp secure	if you have a newer pc with a single jack for both headphone and microphone, it works (works on my iPad and iPhone, too). I only wear it with the headband and have never tried it with the ear hook
know need adapter make work iphone connected mute function work iphone	it should.
head band totally made plastic i'm looking metal something flexible snap big head	All plastic--tho my coworker has a big head and has not had a problem. The band is adjustable.
use ears	Yes, you would just flip the mic boom 180 degrees and put it on your head the opposite way.
work clarity c4205 cordless phone	No clue I'm sorry to report. I gave up on it immediately.
hold mute button mute click on/off	it is a slide type of switch. you just move it back and forth. mine works quietly and no one notices it.
used desk phone planatronics t10 plug chord wireless	It's corded
fitt headset plug linksys desk phone	I'm not sure - it seems to have a universal plug. I had purchased it for a clarity handset but it also fit my panasonic headsets. Sorry, I couldn't give you a definitive answer on this. I had called the company before purchasing this to make sure it would fit - they were very helpful.
plug-in computer use dragon naturallyspeaking	sound too small....i can'y useing this item...
mdr v6 come pouch keep in	Yes. Come with a vinyl drawstring bag/pouch. It's pretty cheap looking, but works.
voice coil	Moving-coil The moving coil driver, more commonly referred to as a "dynamic" driver is the most common type used in headphones. The operating principle consists of a stationary magnetic element affixed to the frame of the headphone which sets up a static magnetic field. The magnetic element in headphones is typically composed of ferrite or neodymium. 
country makes it&#xff1f	thailand
remove cord replace needed	The MDRV6 cord can be replaced by a skilled tech but he will need to know how to properly solder litz wire. It is definitely not a DIY job for the great majority of owners.
10 foot cord coiled straight cord	It's a coiled cord. These are very decent headphones, imo, probably one of the best bangs for the buck. My son is pretty particular when it comes to tech devices, and this is one of the only items that he owns, where he's completely satisfied, and doesn't feel the need to upgrade, even when offered. But I digress, again, the cord is coiled. :)
love headphones however anyone else receive pouch smelly dead fish smell usual chemical smell lessened	we got the pouch, but not the smell. and i have one of those noses where i can smell BO from 3 blocks away. i'd definitely let them know about it and request a new one. ew.
want know volume control mdr-v6	No there is not.
might need replace old ones seem mid-'90s issue  still made japan anyone aware changes since then	I bought my set about a year ago. Amazon has my order data as they came from them. I did quite a bit of research before I settled on the MDR-V6.
odd looking ends picture looks like male male really male female	One plug in and one plug out. IE: Male and Female. I use it as an extension for my PS3 charger. Hope this helps
work extension cord charge ipad	I only use it to charge my iPhone, havent tried sync with it, should work properly to charge your iPad
headphones true flat sound boost bass/highs/mids/anything need headphones monitoring reproduce true	They're flat. http://www.headphone.com/headphones/sony-mdr-v6.php Look at the response curve. They work great for mixing/monitoring.
difference mdrv6 mdr 7506 	Both are excellent and very similar. The MDRV6 was the original design of the two and was issued a few years earlier. The components, drivers, ancillary parts of both models appear to be virtually identical. 
cable plenum rated in-wall cable runs	no
extension usable cable attaining usb 3.0 cable speeds	Hi. This extension cable will still work with a USB 3.0, but the data transfer will be degraded to a USB 2.0 speed.
male male usb	No, James. The USB Extension Cable is a USB A Male-to-A Female type, used to extend your existing USB device cable by 10 feet.
move printer another spot usb cords little short device work extend usb cord	Yes!
power tp link adaptor internet	Hi Con! This is a standard USB 2.0 cable. It is best to contact TP Link if this cable can supply enough power for that specific device.
plug usb end logitech webcam plug usb port computer	Yes, the Belkin cable works with any USB device that supports type A USB.
hello interested sangean sg-622 fm 12 band shortwave world band radio live miami fl catch central american radios	I bought this radio several days before. It works very well:good sound, world receiver, and cheap. The only disadvantage maybe 3 not 2 aaa batteries required. Who mind this disadvantage? I don't mind, and I am thinking about buy another one for my parents. 
device compatible sangean ant-60 short wave antenna  going use radio venezuela,do recommend it	Try it at home first and you will see how works,, some locations you will need it,, others you won't not need it,,,
radio 90 minutes auto shut save battery life thanks	No
used connect laptop amp move files external hard drive or portable hard drive comes short usb cord	I can't image why it wouldn't, if it uses standard full size usb connectors, but I haven't tested that myself
model ac adapter compatible radio	Mine takes 3 AA batteries, so its a 4.5 volt system. I don't have an adapter because I don't use it inside. I love it because it's "portable." Great little radio. Picks up everything. I used it when hiking and camping on the Appalachian Trail. Just put 3 new AA batteries in it, and it will run for countless hours.
radio fm ssb	It has AM and FM but it does not have SSB. Hope this helps.
model external antenna jack ask frequently bought together offer radio external antenna	No, there is no external antenna jack. The offers you are seeing probably have the wire antenna attached to the radio's antenna. This is a good system that works. However, there may be interference on FM. You can unhook the antenna for FM listening.
radio come color shown picture	I think it is a light gray. I am not sure because my radio is over 15 years old.
hello radio available grayish black color shown image	No we do not.
extend 1 amp car charger	This is a USB cord and will only connect to USB ports and another USB cable. It is like an extension cord in that sense. You could try connecting your charger with a USB cord that you have now and see if it works.
antenna improve reception grundig s450dlx sw radio	No
one reviewer hung antenna 2nd-story balcony reception better using antenna vertically horizontally matter	Anthony - as I was researching this question when I started using my receiver, the answer was - horizontally. Make sure you hang it as close to a window as possible. I also found that I had to experiment with the orientation (N/S/E/W) to get the best signal. Where I am located, the south end of my house works best. Hope this helps!
i'm new game question is attach ant radio?//thanks	For the direct connection to work, the radio must have a jack (like the headphone jack) marked antenna. Not all radios have this direct connection and that is why Sangean includes the clip on pictured which attaches to your radio's telescopic antenna.
what's performance 20 40 meters bands	in my experience with this antenna, the signals must be very strong to copy them. i have not used it that much on those bands, maybe only a few times to see. its not a dipole up at 30 ft and will not perform like one.
antenna work grundig yb 305 model 	Yes; this reel type extendable wire antenna should if the Grundig has a whip antenna. I suggest you use "Google" to research if your radio antenna connection is compatible; i.e. positive "tip" or "negative" tip. 
work grundig s350dl 	It does work , The improvement over the inbuilt aerial is good , but ; I have had more success by just running out 100 or so feet of small hook-up wire . The Sangean is easier to use and store , it is well packaged .
long antenna use door	The ANT 60 is 7 metres or about 23 feet long . You could use it indoors , it will work best when run out in a straight line . You can do things like go up from a table or desk and out a window to a tree or something like that .
grundig s450dlx sw radio wanted antenna it connect 75 ohm coax connector back	Hi, Your Grundig S450DLX uses "F" Type connectors so you will need an F Male to a 3.5mm Female adapter. It may take some looking to find one. I recommend trying to find a short flexible pigtail type as to not put stress on the radio connector. Nice radio, Have fun!
frequency range short wave sg-622w	I don't have an idea. My father uses it in India.
could show firmware thank you	HDD is in a server so I am afraid can not get that info. Sorry.
need exact specifications disk model st3500320as firmware sd1a exchange one broken plate	Hi There. I am afraid I do not have the drive with me as I installed in to a server. Sorry. :(
drive really 5 year warranty	Good question. The drive arrived with zero printed materials so I have no idea. Thanks for raising the question -- maybe someone from Amazon can answer! When you buy bare drives from Amazon, you get good packing material and a good box. Nothing else. There might be info on the Seagate site...
ps3 compatible anyone tell hard drive work ps3	Baltodano if you dont mind your PS3 having a big old 3.5" HDD sitting on the outside then yes you can use this hdd. Just buy some SATA extion cables so that you can hook it up to your PS3.
ps3 compatible anyone tell hard drive work ps3	As long as you get an external 3.5" enclosure for it that supports USB and is powered. An external 2.5" 500gb would be better since you wouldn't need a power cable.
also improve reception	For the radio it fits no. The radio has to be a more powerful reciever then a dia pole antena would work.
harddisk t61 hdd compatible t61	Problems with the 7200.11's are generally caused by crappy firmware that Seagate shipped with early production runs. Current firmware fixes all of those freezing and hanging problems.
anybody hooked two together so well work	It works fine
firmware sd15 	Not sure... I had been trying to get some data off of the exact hard drive from a Seagate External HD and as a last resort for the girl, I had bought this to swap out boards. I wasn't successful but the drive I bought has been a good one. I stuck it in another build. Sorry I couldn't answer your question.
device slots bottom wall-mounting	Yes, it does. (Mine is the 8 port, this question is for the 5 port).
need two data drops 50ft current switch already one data drop room use two make one data drop three	Yes. Plug your existing drop into the WAN port. This will give you 4 connections.( 3 more than what you had)
matter port put ethernet cord providing internet	Nope. These newer routers can autosense straight line vs. crossover automatically, so you don't have to worry about that anymore. If you buy another model that still has the crossover port, it will be clearly marked, and usually has a switch, but those are becoming ancient history.
clarify device plug wall	If you are inquiring as to whether it must be powered by plugging into an electrical outlet, the answer is YES. As for "wall", it can be mounted on a wall, but need not be. Hope this tells you what you need to know.
lets say plug three ethernet cords,would make connection slower	I had 4 plugged in from the start, so I can't really say. It's fast enough for me.
cat5 cat6 cables router matter	doesnt matter
use fixed ip address behind this put switch in lose internet	This is a switch, it doesn't know or do anything with IP addresses. It routes using MAC addresses. I think your problem is something else.
work led bulb	The unit is rated @ 120 V 500W; I see no reason why it would not work with any led light with a standard base rated for 110-120 V
switch cable modem airport express roku 3 ethernet-ready tv still need router hard wire roku tv	You shouldn't need that...here is how I have mine connected. - I have a Comcast cable modem. - I connect my Airport wireless router directly to the cable modem. 
on/off switch sensor	no
activate relay  led light 12v  thinking connect relay use contact  works 	To anyone else answering...I believe Maurizio is planning on using the 120 volt output from the Zenith motion sensor to feed the coil of a 120 volt magnetic relay (not solid state). 
run router hooked cable modem	Yes, But first of all this 4 port hub is not a router. A router is an active device that monitors it's RJ45 ports, when it senses the presence of a connection it interrogates the device, and the device hand shakes with it by requesting an IP address. The router issues the IP, no two devices on a net can not have the same IP.
come pictured mounting stub sensor thanks	It has a short mounting stub. I needed a longer mounting stub so I used the one from my old Heath sensor and it fit perfectly. You may not need that modification.
fit different co light all-pro mst27920les 270 degree motion twin led floodlight energy star bronze	It's a universal electrical part. Should fit any type of standard installation. Or it can be installed in a J box away from the device.
sensor work decorative lights side garage door can 2 lights work 1 sensor	I have one of these sensors connected to a dual floodlight mounted above and between the doors of my two-car garage and it works fine to illuminate the short double-wide driveway leading from the street to the garage.
anyone know hear relay actuating so that's works 120v led	Relays work through electromechanical coils and you can certainly hear them actuate. Motion sensors work on changes in perceived temperature changes. The signal is then sent to a transducer which changes this energy to an impulse which signals the light to be switched on.
maximum detection range	We are using the sensor at the front door and do not want everyone on the sidewalk (40 feet away) to turn-on the porch light. We know that when set to minimum it is 20 feet, but we do not know the range of maximum setting.
work cfl bulbs	The on off portion should work. But I'm not sure about the dimming feature with that bulb. Sorry. Not 100%
unit work parallel 2 3 way 120 vac light switches know know talking answer	You'll have to trust me. As long as you don't exceed the maximum load (amperage) of the switch (sensor) it doesn't matter how many items you control with it.
wireless router wired ports used up switch allow expand number ports keeping wireless router going	Absolutely. That's what it is designed for. Happy new year.
dose plastic tape stick better plastic kitchen container used paper type lifts short time day two	I have one the I put on our soap dispenser and it's still there from last year.
wich better fabrics	This is a great labeling machine for paper and plastic. Fabric perhaps not the best choice. It will stick to fabric for a photo yet not lasting for more than that. Good luck.
peel tape cleanly easily wish remove label	I would say yes , on most slick surfaces you can remove the tape , but on a paper or cardboard type of surface it may not come off easily . It also may depend on how long the tape has been on the surface too .
tape white prints black letters numbers etc 	Yes. You can also get clear tape with black lettering .
plastic tape hold outdoors want use plant id stakes	I myself have not used them outdoors, but my husband said that it doesn't work on wood, but it does on plastic. Make sure that the plastic stakes are clean, use a little alcohol rub on it first & wipe clean. Hope this helps.
2 tapes cartridge contain 13 feet tape  total 26 feet together equal 13 feet thank kindly	each cartridge contains 13 ft of tape.
refill fit dymo letratag qx50 cartridge says 91331 12mm it	I believe it will because its says Letratag (LT), but to be such you may need to visit Dymo.com or contact them. I looked at one of their newer LT models and it's cartridge looks of the same size and design. :)
waterproof water resistant	I used it on cups and containers that I send to school with them and I wash them all the time. I have some that have stuck to the containers for about a year, and some that have come off in weeks. I think it depends on what it sticks to. Hope this helps.
hub switch wirless bridge get hub switch connect wireless bridge able so	I had the same situation basically. This switch is a great device to do just what you want. 
unit wired unit want wireless equipment need run two computers work  thank you	Yes it is. Personally, I used to use this in my room to split my sole cat5 into multiple ones for my computer and gaming consoles.
power supply unit 100/220 50/60hz 	Yes, it is.
would work connecting xbox 360 wondering product would make possible connect xbox 360 cable internet computer use once	No, you need a router. A switch basically expands the number of ethernet connections on your router. 
correct printing half tape dymo lectratag 100h	Sounds to me that you may have either a faulty tape or machine. Try switching to a different tape and see if it changes. If not, I'd call dymo directly.
xbox 360 know much networks would best choice connecting 3 4 360s hub switch brand	You cannot use this as a router, you would need to turn your computer off to work this switch.
zip drives useful reading transferring data old zip media	they may be used for storing any data new or transcribed
modem 1 ethernet output exactly thing	Would this then also work to connect my bluray player to the internet so I can stream Netflix to my HDTV? The modem that came with my DSL connection also only has 1 ethernet port which of course I have my laptop plugged into...
work mac osx 10 thanks	I found that this item did NOT work for my new MacBook (OSX), which simply couldn't read it.
back files need change window's xp window's 7	It depends what you mean by all files? Normally photo's documents etc should be on an exteranl drive so all you need to do is reload your programs and then connect the drive with your files. 
windows 8 compatible	Have run Iomega Zip for years, can't do without. Running Windows 98XP - Data Doctors tell me they can't support it. It's too old. That's crap. Contact: Support - Select-Zip 250MB Par.Port Download. Support: http;//WWW.IOMEGA.COM.
surge protectors actually work give false sense security anyone equipment saved lightening strike	Hello, I had my surge protector for over 6 months now and I can tell you that I has saved my electronics several times. 
120v only,or 120-240v	120v only
version phone line protection decsription say graph says does it	There is no telephone protection on this particular model. I had no requirement for this is I do not have a home phone line and just use my cell phone for coverage. 
many joules surge protector have	According to the chart that is in the ad for this model it has 1480.
long cord	8 Feet Long, longer than most power centers
digital	No
add monster power surge extension cord computer items far away wall outlet	The manufacture would want you to get a surge protector with a longer cable, which they do sell. But I have had similar situations and have done just that, with no problems.
mounted wall	I don't really think it could be mounted.
want label daylilies work outdoors	It won't last all year long but if the surface is clean plastic or metal it will stick to it.
product plug 220v protect equibment 110v travel oversea alot need adapter convert 110 volt equibment	Takky Monster may have an international adapter surge Protector. This Monster product I purchased is designed for US 110vac home use. 
good geocaching put coordinates get accurate close results	The Garmin eTrex is great for the geocaching newbie! Coordinates can be inputted manually or by connecting the eTrex to a computer and downloading the cache coordinates from geocaching.com. It is limited to 500 caches (waypoints) and does not include any other information regarding the geocache.
new smart tv installed next week appropriate job samsung	Yes more than perfect you should have something like this for your TV and connected devices
charged electricity outlet as car not hiking gps models capacity	The 1st generation etrex can't. It has an old serial port. However the current models of etrex use a USB. So if you have a USB charger in your car then YES you can!
bluray plug anyone know similar device bluray support	You don't need a special plug for Blu-Ray. Blu-Ray players don't have any special power needs. Typically, these power strips may often have a high current plug which would be good for a receiver or maybe subwoofer. Other than that, any of the plugs would work fine for a Blu-Ray player.
return starting destination anywhere without additional maps	As far as I remember you can follow your reverse course. It doesn't have "maps" as such, but plots your course and gives you your current location. I used it for a backup on my sailboat and just logged the lat/Lon on my charts along with my DR plotting. 
gps service i'd purchase get work	No. It tracks satellites.
cords tv pluged red switch dose still work?when lighting storm	Yes, I would assume that "protection" is given to all devices plugged into the strip reguardless of whether the strip is on or off (given that the MP AV800 itself is plugged in).
use alternate storage	No, but you can download and upload storage from your P.C. (only 50 points - No maps). Very basic GPS
using guy hunting adventures	That is pretty much what it was designed for. Use it all the time.
mac comparable	I don't have a MAC but the only thing you use a computer for on this model is for updating software, so I don't know why not.
warrenty mailbug long cover	Karen, I'm pretty sure it has a 6 month warranty.
understand correctly spam control unit former mail staton mil had really necessary	my mother has used the mail station for 10 years. here is the website for landel http://landel.com/ i'm sure they'll answer all of your questions. if you have facebook they are also available there.
send receive overseas email eg germany	Yes it can. I have used it from one of the Caribbean islands. Unfortunately it's method of communication is by dialing a regular telephone number not via the internet and those telephone numbers are all in the US, Puerto Rico and I believe the US Virgin Islands.
local landel hook-up phone number temecula ca	The Landel company, which makes the Mailbug, could answer that. Their customer support number is 1-800-855-MAILbUG.
machine running disable phone used time	Your phone is free to make and receive calls when the Mailbug is running.
waterproof etrex	Referring to my 2005 model, not very... There is no gasket or other mechanism from stopping water from seeping into the battery chamber. 
used wi fi use e mail service	The Mailbug does not have WiFi capabilities. It connects like your landline telephone with a piece of wire to your telephone wall jack. Yes you do have to use their email services. 
usb charger	won't do it, not even with rechargable batts.
monthly subscription rate	Email Service is only $12.95 per month with no strings, contracts, or hassles. _Landel Support
tell elevation close it	Honestly, I never even opened the package. It was going to be a gift for my son and he couldn't use it. You can have it if you want it. What city do you live in?
change font size mailbug near-sighted older lady	I dont know, but you can contact Landel customer service at support@landel.com. Good luck!
person buys one amazon versus landel site buyer still get pick email address	Yes. Email service is provided by Landel Telecom. Call them once you get the MailBug to establish service, and pick your own email address at that time. _Landel Support
palmone iiixe compatible windows 7 64-bit	Googling this revealed some people do have workarounds to get it working. You might also be able to get a VM of XP (Windows XP mode) and sync that way. Either way, it sounds fairly like a complicated involved way to get a (sadly) obsolete piece of technology working.
device calendar function	Yes, wow I wrote the review almost 10 yes ago....
organizer alarm	Yes it does. You can also refer to this .pdf for the device. http://pdf.textfiles.com/manuals/PDA/PalmOne%20III%20Handheld.pdf
polaroid spectra system se camera use polaroid spectra film twin pack	Yes, and there are other options as well. I use this resource to check on camera/film options for my Polaroids: http://en.polaroid-passion.com/polaroid-image-spectra-cameras.php?id=37
calendar alarm	Yes, the calendar has an alarm. It has general settings for sound/ alarm for the Palm itself.
types film polaroid 600 cameras use polaroid 600's use film besides polaroid 600 film	Scroll down this page past the camera models to see the types of film that can be used: http://en.polaroid-passion.com/polaroid-600-cameras.php $10 per picture is very expensive - shop around for out of date film $2-$6 per print or try the new Impossible Project films at roughly $3 per print (they have 8 shots per pack).
come doc manual cd load program	mine did - however, I could NOT get the device to sync with a new version of Windows XP PC. I had to use my 'old' Windows XP PC in order to sync it up. I tried several converters - from the 9 pin to a USB - none worked for me. 
expiration date film left	I no longer have the film. It did not fit my camera, so I got rid of it. I am still looking for the Polaroid for my camera.
still work even though dated many years	Absolutely not at all. Please don't waste your money. I bought 2 packs, both were garbage. The film looks exposed. It's a scam. Once they get your money, because of that tacky disclaimer, it's lost. If you open the film you can't return it but you don't know if the film is bad unless you open the pack. SCAM...
buy camera would need get film film work fine	I've gotten film from the Impossible project but I really didn't like how the finished product looked so it's best to use a lot of research when looking for film.
take 300 pack film	sorry only 600 type film dude
camera discontinued film still going available	Hello Bronwyn, The film is being manufactured by the impossible project and you can buy it here on Amazon. Just search for 600 film.
come film	No
monthly subscription rates	The monthly subscription rate is $12.95.
use impossible film impossible frog tongue	The frog tongue isn't compatible with the Polaroid one-step 600 instant camera. You should research first before you buy it. That's what I heard when I was thinking about getting it.
cheaper one	Scout your local thrift stores - that's where I bought my Polaroid One Step 600 for $3.99. You won't know until you load film in it if it works unfortunately, but if you can also find some polaroid film there (rarer to find the film than the cameras in my experience but I have gotten old polaroid film at a local thrift store before) you can test it out fairly inexpensively.
buy film	A website called the-impossible-project.com. The film is good, but sort of pricey.
would like try flash nikon d70s would able bounce flash high ceiling	Yes but these old flashes puts out more voltage tgan your body can handle.
flash makes much cheaper non 600 instant camera	I'm not sure about price. Probably availability. These seem to be growing in availability. There is a flash. Top right of the camera.
283 one newer low trigger voltage ones original high-voltage model	Definitely a high voltage. I got my original one that was just like this one back in 02, and it wasn't new then...lol. It's a good flash, but you can't order new parts for it anymore, so once it's done, it's done, and you have to order a new one, or do what I did when this replacement broke, and get a different model altogether.
vivitar 283 help pdf manual  say anything it switches something missed	I've had a 283 for well over 25 years now. 
flash compatible pentax k1000 thanks	Yes it is 100% compatible with the K1000
hi there vivitar 283 flash come pcsync cord use nikon s2 rangefinder cold shoe	Yes but those sync cords can be finickly sometimes.
size photos film website compitable http://shop.the-impossible-project.co	3.1" X 3.1"....standard Polaroid!
tested camera already 	It was fully functioning
flash compatible pentax asahi k1000	Yes with any camera Analog o digital you can use
nikon fm10 compatibility	I mount my camera on a bracket and use the flash with a radio slave bought from amazon. It works fine.i believe the radio slave is made by cowboy. Not too expensive. When I used the flash on the camera, I had some issues
camera use disk film	This is a film camera.
camera adjustable aperature shutter speed	this camera IS NOT adjustable for anything other than selecting modes and the flash, I found this dissapointing with this. The one and only manual adjustment is to override the autofocus otherwise a very good camera
size battery used	AA
many mp's	This is not a digital camera, therefore there is no quantity of megapixels (MPs) listed. This is a 35 mm film camera. That film is still available for sale and processing and probably will continue to be for quite some time to come.
could someone give step-by-step instruction connect camcorder tv thanks	Hi, please send us more details about your concern at socialsupport@am.sony.com, give us your contact details and the exact model number of your unit so that we can assist you further. Thanks. Ely.
play old 8 mm tapes	Yes
use camera import video final cut	Hi Caitlin, Sony CCDTRV57 Analog Camcorder can't be connected to a computer to transfer or copy videos recorded by it. -Vincent
camcorder connect television able view bigger screen	Yes you can view the recordings on a bigger screen by using the AV connecting cable that is supplied on this unit.-Ely
warranty used 8mm camcorder	Since this is a used item, the warranty is set by the seller. Usually they will set it at 30-90 days. You need to ask the seller. The one I bought was in perfect condition and works great.
view finder see tape	Hi, please send us more details about your concern at socialsupport@am.sony.com, give us your contact details so that we can assist you further. Thanks. Ely.
close focus	They focus very well. They have a focus adjuster that is simple to us. Its on top and moves left and right. I was looking out on the ocean and it focused wherever I wanted it to
cables connections battery come camera	Yes when I bought my it came with everything
sony ccd-trv37 camcorder sony ccdtrv57 8mm camcorder work old tapes	Any "Hi 8" camera with playback that you can borrow from a friend for a couple of days should show any of your tapes. You should also consider getting a "one touch video capture device" from Amamzon ($25), connecting the borrowed camera to your PC and then moving all the tapes to digital data on your PC.
use watch night	I know you can at dust dark it makes things a little brighter. Not sure about full darkness.
come neck strap	Yes, it comes with a neck strap, lens covers, and case.
case strap comes well	Yes
mounted tripod	Yes... The binaculars can be mounted on a tripod. I use mine for bird watching and work great. A special adapter needs to be purchased for some tripods.
made from	Made in China
i'm looking binos concert i'm nose bleed section looking staight stage fartest distance stage ones best	These are clear and sharp....if your in a concert venue then they will do the job for you!!!
multicoated  7 layesrs multicoating 2 layers multicoating...pls help	For the price, I'm thinking probably 2 layers; the instructional material that came with them did not give any information.
people said binoculars tripod mountable with adapter others say aren't are kind adapter needed	The model I am having doesn't come with this option hope it helps.
use prescription eyeglasses	These binoculars have a rather short eye relief distance. You can roll down the eye cup to compensate for this. Using with glasses might dimenish the field of view. If your vision is not too bad and relatively close in each eye, you should be able to use without glasses by focusing the left eye with the center focus wheel and using the diopter setting on the right lense to focus the right eye.
husband enjoy ocean wondering bought used different ships etc thanks much	I am not sure if this is what you mean, but we have taken these Bushnell's on a cruise to Bermuda and enjoyed using them on our balcony to watch the ships that were sailing nearby as well as when arriving and leaving port. They are a nice compact set of binoculars.
country origin	I looked at the accompanying manual (pamphlet) and for warranty its Kansas but the pamphlet is written in two languages...English and Chinese script/symbols so my guess is that the manufacturing is done in China.
product states compact description states dimensions 3x4x7 hardly appears compact actual size	Length of mine is 4 inches and width is 3inches. Have no idea where the 7 comes from.
binocular best bird watching	Typical binocular sizes for birding are around 8x40, 8x25, 7x35, and 8x30. Bigger 2nd number = more light but heavierer.
going see broadway show i'm kind far back balcony would lighting changes show	We bought them for a Michael Buble concert at Radio City Music Hall, as we were in the back of the balcony. They are hard to adjust and just not the greatest.
can't seperate reviews sub-product line 8x21 lot different 12x32 example cant tell reviewing	I don't know the answer, but this question should be directed to someone at Amazon, hopefully to make its way to someone who could actually address and fix this problem (I find it annoying too--unless reviewers list all the details and specs in their reviews, it's impossible to know which magnification or model they are telling about). 
weight th 12 x 25 heavy travel want cruise would good using balcony ship	I'm not sure exactly the weight, but they are small enough to fit in a normal size purse. They are probably about the size of a ladies palm of the hand when they are folded.
plan use symphony best magnification function dim lighting	Davey B.'s analysis--and his recommendation based on that analysis--is incorrect: the field of view of a telescope (or binocular) depends on the eyepiece and the focal length of the objective, not on the diameter of the objective. 
good watching wildlife	I use them for watching wildlife, but I would suggest it takes some time to be comfortable with the sites, because they are small but certainly useful in "back yard" viewing. 
husband enjoy ocean wondering bought used different ships etc thanks much	I am not sure if this is what you mean, but we have taken these Bushnell's on a cruise to Bermuda and enjoyed using them on our balcony to watch the ships that were sailing nearby as well as when arriving and leaving port. They are a nice compact set of binoculars.
product states compact description states dimensions 3x4x7 hardly appears compact actual size	Length of mine is 4 inches and width is 3inches. Have no idea where the 7 comes from.
going european river cruise  size would work views riverboat	I bought the 10x25 for use on hiking the Inca Trail in Peru so I think this size would work well for you also. Have a great trip
use prescription eyeglasses	These binoculars have a rather short eye relief distance. You can roll down the eye cup to compensate for this. Using with glasses might dimenish the field of view. 
binocular best bird watching	Typical binocular sizes for birding are around 8x40, 8x25, 7x35, and 8x30. 
going see broadway show i'm kind far back balcony would lighting changes show	We bought them for a Michael Buble concert at Radio City Music Hall, as we were in the back of the balcony. They are hard to adjust and just not the greatest.
can't seperate reviews sub-product line 8x21 lot different 12x32 example cant tell reviewing	I don't know the answer, but this question should be directed to someone at Amazon, hopefully to make its way to someone who could actually address and fix this problem.
weight th 12 x 25 heavy travel want cruise would good using balcony ship	I'm not sure exactly the weight, but they are small enough to fit in a normal size purse. They are probably about the size of a ladies palm of the hand when they are folded.
plan use symphony best magnification function dim lighting	Davey B.'s analysis--and his recommendation based on that analysis--is incorrect: the field of view of a telescope (or binocular) depends on the eyepiece and the focal length of the objective, not on the diameter of the objective.
used circa 2008 cox modem,vista laptop roku box specifically watch netflix still work newer fast speeds amp new roku box	Yes, Janie. This should work since the newer Roku supports the wireless-B standard.
router compatible motorola surfboard sb6141 docsis 3.0 modem 	Yes, it will work. However, you may not be able to maximize the performance of your modem. It would be better to get a newer router.
going european river cruise  size would work views riverboat	I bought the 10x25 for use on hiking the Inca Trail in Peru so I think this size would work well for you also. Have a great trip
manufactured	Hi Reen. We'll verify this with the relevant team and will let you know as soon as we have an update.
router question called specifically looking specifically	Hi! A gateway is what you're interested in. Gateway's are a combination of cable modem and router all in one device. 
good choice streaming netflix etc	Not a good choice for me. This item stopped working after two months of use. When it did work, it was great. I don't know why it failed. I don't use a router anymore. I have my computer hooked up directly to the modem. Expensive item that failed after too short time of use.
compatible centurylink	Hi Candus. Yes, this wired router will work with DSL or Cable ISP.
router dhcp reservation via connected elements mac addresses	No. It doesn't have the DHCP Reservation feature.
good choice roku 3.i need tun 40 feet cat 6	No. The Roku will work hardwired to the router, but the current speed of it is not ideal for gaming purposes.
product discontinued	yes 200 asa gold Kodak Discontinued try Fugi 200 same quality and not expired
expiration date kadak 200 film	Expired film that's all Color films could have color shift issues or be just fine if you scan it you can fix the problem in Photoshop most pro photo labs will adjust the prints color shift and you will not notice anything.
35mm	Yes.
expiration date kadak gold 200 print four pack film	Does it really matter. Keep it refrigerated once you get to preserve. My photos came out nicely with this film.
get developed	In San Diego, CA, I use Fromex, on El Cajon Blvd. Your home city might likely have a developing shop. By mail, there is photoplaceonline.com and thedarkroom.com.
multi plug one outlet end extension cord	It is just one outlet at the end.
extension cord used portable generator run generator house plug regular ext cord use household items	It would be suitable to run small appliances or a fridge. Anything that doesn't use much power
know much extension chords all clear safe outdoors even rains	Yes. It can be left outside in all weather. I left mine out all spring, summer and fall and had no issues with the weather.
use power cord electric weed-eater can't find cord came it	I was able to use this with my electric weed eater. The only issue I had was that the cord was too short to get to any distance in my yard. I found that a 75-100 foot cord worked better. Hope this helps.
i'm trouble setting two macbooks running os x arris cm820a docsis 3.0 seem use cd install software	The software is only compatible until Win XP, it won't work with your Macbooks.
portion buried inches ground want unplug bug zapper every time mow	Yeah, i had my wire cut, so i know. I would bury mine next time, but i would never advise anyone else to, since i'm not a pro.
expiration date kodak 200 print film	07/2013. Develop by July, 2013
good watching wildlife	I use them for watching wildlife, but I would suggest it takes some time to be comfortable with the sites, because they are small but certainly useful in "back yard" viewing.
college dont want disturb roomate leakage loud pair sennheiser hd dj headphones better	Yes, probably would bug your roommate. Open airs sound much better, are way more comfortable and accurate than dj headphones. Especially below 400hz
sound leakage	It isn't leakage if it's part of the design. Open headphones sound better, but they are not designed for privacy. They are designed to let some sound out.
over ear around ear headphones	They cover the ears; they are circumaural"
received new hd600.both channels cutting out wiggle cables time known common problem	I had the same problem until I realized that the cables are completely detachable which is great. So I just pulled them out all together and thennplugged them back in. Hope that helps.
emotiva xda-2 fiio e7 able power can better dacs amp amps buy help	I'm probably not the best person to answer your question because I drive my headphones with one of two tube driven amps, but I'll help. The Emotiva headphone amp/DAC will drive almost any headphone easily. The Fiio E7 may or may not be adequate for the 300ohm HD600s.
an amp  schiit modi dac make significant difference using amp assuming cds files lossless quality	in my experience with the schiit modi, magni, and vali, yes, the dac + amp combo sounds better than just the amp. i'm hearing less noise, more detail, and an overall cleaner sound.
want buy ipod iphone?but know adapter need buy together give advice thanks lot	Ipods and iphones use a 1/8 inch jack. Some headphones are terminated in a 1/8 inch jack, and some are terminated in a 1/4 inch jack. The HD600 I had was an older version that had an 1/8" jack, and for that you don't need an adapter.
bass response	Right where I like it - crisp and clean. Have been listening to some HiDef Yes albums and Chris' Rickenbacher has never sounded better. What I hated about my old phones was that the timpani and low strings in a lot of classical music were muddy and/or distorted. 
looking something play old cassettes on work that	Yes. Not stereo, but works fine.
come wall plug-in adapter	Adapter
play old cassette tapes	Yes, Susan. This was purchased for my 84 yr old mother to take to her church choir practices. She doesn't read music or hear as well as she used to, but she still loves to sing and is very active in her church choir and also a Senior Music Group my sister in law has at her church.
use make mixtapes will connect cd player/cassette player	It has a "monitor" and "mic" plug, which is basically your "in" and "out." So long as you have the right cords, and an audio out on your CD player or cassette player, you're good. 
need product play tapes good understanding voice replay electric cord want one uses batt	Has cord. Don't know about voice clarity, haven't used it that much. Played an Elvis Christmas cassette. 
use headphones earbuds listen cassettes recorder/player	Yes, there is a headphone jack
2 months shoe box recorders 24 dollars almost 70	I can only assume that it is due to supply and demand. The new ones are $135+
clear sound background noise comes inside player like many do	I did a 2 hour interveiw with this recorder and it was very clear. I also transfered it to my computer and it still sounded perfect. No background noise. I've used others I could not say the same for.
dose hd600 case sound leakage campared one pxc450.i want know wether hd600's sound good pxc450 dose hd 600 function noise cancelling	Yes sound leakage, they are the open style headphones not closed. No to noise cancelling.
type brand plug microphone works best tape deck	This unit has a 1/8" mic input, and works well with both handheld units that I tried with it. Results will depend more on the voicing of the microphone that is selected than on the brand of the microphone. 
stereo thing supposed stereo headphones	No, your radio is not defective, this is not a stereo radio, it is only mono, there is no stereo sound (right and left channels) only mono (single channel) sound. 
antenna direct pull require twisting motion lowering lock place	It's a direct pull-up.
batteries last good radio	it' been a good little radio. i always have it with me. i drop it all the time. it takes a lick'en and keeps on tick'en. be sure not to cheep out on the battery's (99 cent store) however 99 cent store battery's will work just fine.
want mainly stations..is sound good	Am sounds good, on par with FM depending on the station.
plug rather rely batteries alone	no, batteries only. Sound only average...or below. In addition, I live in an urban area where the reception should be elevated, would not recommend it. 
original purchase date headphones estimated hours use	Got them July or August 2012, and 20+ hours a week since I got them. I got them instead of computer speakers.
smaller sony	It is 11.5cm tall, 6.7cm wide and 2.6cm thick. I have been well pleased with this little radio, it picks up many stations clearly!
u use ipad	Yes you can.
come ear plug	Mine did not.
could fit child's head 4 year old	I bought these for my 6 year old at school. We brought them home because they weren't needed, and my 4 year old wears them, too. They are a little big, but they don't slip off her head.
work kindle fire	Yes as long as you have a 3.5 mm stereo jack port which as I just checked the kindle fire has
work well outside brisk walk running ipod	I use them when I run on the treadmill and they work fine.
purchase 30	You just have to keep adding 5 at a time to your cart. It will update the total quantity ordered.
want husband wear bed sleep help drown sound tv	You might want to invest in wireless headphones. They are not long enough to reach a tv from a bed so you would need an extension cable.
radio stand upright table night stand	Yes it will; very sturdy and reliable
would say bass dominate drowns mids highs	No it is not. These are great headphones. I have 2 of them.
headphone jack fit headphone jack iphone 5s life proof case	Probably it won't because it is a little bulkier than some. However, you can trim away a little of the edges, very carefully with a razor blade, OR cut the existing plug off and solder on a more streamline one.
dimensions actual weight	Size (LxWxH): 8.3" x 3.1" x 6.3" Weight: 595g/21oz Shame on all of you who responded with "I don't know." Why did you even answer then?
best binoculars bird watching range 20ft 100yds	I can't answer the question definitively, but I have owned a number of Bushnell optics in the past and found them to be very satisfactory. Ten power is too strong unless you are extremely stong and can hold them very, very steady, or use a tripod. Night binocs shoul be 7. X. 50. I would recommend 7 X 50 or 7 X 35 for bird watching.
fit kids	They fit my 13 yo and my 7 yo.
focus one eye separately event better vision one eye vs other	Yes, like many binoculars, you can adjust focus overall and then change one lens some more +/-. I have had these for about 4 months now and am pleased - I would buy them again. After looking in several stores, this was the best choice that I could find in low price range, and good sturdy quality.
volume control	These have no volume control. Control the volume from the device they are connected to.
measurements binocular inches	5 in. x6.5in.
come strap carrying case	yes. both.
tried look stars  wondering would work astronomical purposes	I'm a little late to this party, but I want to correct a little misconception. 7x35 binoculars capture *far* more light than the naked eye in addition to magnification, allowing view of not only more stars, but more detail.
would work someone small head noticed came searched kids binoculars mose adult sized ones big	Yes, my 4 year old niece can use them and her brother who is 6. they are worth the money.
binoculars recommended theater use	I suppose you could use them for theatre, but they are a little big for pocket or purse.
work well concerts opera let's say third balcony	Yes, they would work very well for concerts. However, you must remember that they are full sized and therefore would not fit in your pocket or a standard size purse. They come with their own case.
lens work cannon 7d mark i	This is a full frame lens so yes. But as lens go, this one is not the best, by far. I picked up a used one, and I thank the stars that I got it for cheap. I don't like it.
lens used canon rebel t3	Yes, this lens will work on the Rebel T3 BUT you should we aware that the 35-80mm will act a bit differently on the Rebel T3 because Rebels use a sensor that is smaller than 35mm film. As a consequence, the T3 will 'crop' the image from lenses giving you a narrower view which will seem like you're getting a 1.6 time longer focal length. 
lens work canon eos rebel xs thanks	I believe so, although it would be effectively 56-128mm as the Rebel has a crop sensor.
lens digital cameras	I have a cannon 60d and it works fine
lens auto focus auto focus 50d	about canon ef 35-80 lens. Iam not sure but I believe that it will does work on the canon eos 50d. almost it will work on the all canon eos machines.but you dont use it together with wide angle lens and telefoto.because it isnt ef-s lens.
ship puerto rico	Hello,This is OnlineShop matsuri. Goods can be sent to Puerto Rico. Thanks.
compatable w canon eos rebel xti	EOS Rebel XTi is the camera I purchased this lens for. Works great.
compatible canon t3i camera	Hi there, I believe all EF lens are compatible with both Full Frame and Crop Sensor camera, this lens is Full Frame lens so it fits in all Canon Camera, but the effective field of view when used with crop sensor camera would be 35*1.6 - 80*1.6 mmm, which is about 55-130mm. And I have used this lens for both my 5D MK II and EOS 1100D.
fit eos 10d	Yes the 10D uses EF lenses
lens used canon eos 550d	Yes! This is an EF lens with a red dot so you will need to line this red dot with the red lens dot marker on your camera body. The white lens marker is for the EF-S lens. This lens does NOT have image stabilization and is not fast. Good for portrai or still life photos, surprisingly sharp with great bokeh. There's a hack to turn it into a macro lens.
lense work canon eos elan iie camera	Dear Mr. South: I have purchased a 35-80 mm canon lens and it works fine on my digital SRL rebel t3 camera. But it is a digital camera and it was made around 2007 or 8. 
fit new eos sl1	Yes it will, EF lens mounts fit both Full Frame and Cop Sensor cameras.
ithis fit 7d	Yes it will. If your camera (where you mount the lens) has a White square that means EF lenses are accepted and if it's red it's for L Lenses. If you have both dots. That means both EF and L lenses fit
fit 60d 	Yes
weight	Very nice and light weight. Husband and I both bought them and we love how easy they are to use.
would gift dose fit rebel eos t3i	Yes
lens work canon eos elan ii	Yes.
work t1i	Yes but the lens is not really sharp sold it back to keh with some other equipment I had. better off with nifty 50 canon or saving up for for a fast 28-80
flash canon 550ex compatible canon 5d mk11	It will work properly, but certain functions such as Flash Mode, Second Curtain Sync and Flash Exposure Bracketing cannot be set by the camera and must be set on the flash itself.
work canon rebel t2i	Yes
work canon 6d	Yes. It also will work with all canon digital slr''s
fit canon eos digital rebel xt	It will fit all EOS cameras.
compatible 60d	Yes, I believe it is.
lens work cannon rebel t3	Yes, I still use mine on my T3 when I'm not using my 50mm
flash compatible eos rebel t4i	Yes, of course. However, for flash exposure compensation, bracketing, and manual mode can not be controlled via camera setting.
lens cap back cap	Front and back caps are not listed in the Amazon add so I assume they are not included. However, they are readily available from Canon, Amazon and EBAY.
cannon eos rebel t2i would one fit camera think would good need	I have this lens, I used it for several months before upgrading to the 75-300 IS USM. If you don't want blurry pictures then you will have to spend the money on better tools. 
bought canon eos rebel t3i 18-55mm lens will ef 75-300 work camera end	The 75-300mm is a 'telephoto' zoom lens which, like a telescope, makes distant objects appear closer.
lens work eos 6d camera see full frame pictures	While the 75-300mm will +function+ on a Canon 6D and will cover the entire sensor with an image, the 75-300 is one of Canon's cheapest and lowest performing lenses available. I assume one of the reasons you have a 6D is for the extremely high-end image quality but this lens will degrade your image quality to a very significant degree (much like putting worn out $15 tires on a $150,000 Porsche 911).
difference usm non usm	In practical terms, there is very little difference except that I believe the USM version was discontinued some time ago. Both lenses are not the best performers. The USM version has an ultrasonic micro-motor for focusing while the non-USM uses a electric conventional motor.
non usm verses usm im learning 	See photogray guide web site below. www.slrphotographyguide.com/camera/canon-digital-slr/us If you notice your Canon digital SLR camera lens has the letters USM written on the side, it means the lens has a small motor built into the body. Hence, USM is short for UltraSonic Motor.
difference canon ef 75-300mm f/4-5.6 iii older model ef 75-300mm f/4-5.6 ii	I was curious myself, so this is what I found on "Wikipedia" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canon_EF_75-300mm_lens.
would work sl1 a.k.a 100d	yep....same as for 7d...which I have.
hey t4i canon camera use lens camera also mostly shoot videos camera use lens camera v	I believe you can use it on the t4i, but I wouldn't recommend it for shooting videos. Its a long range camera lens so its harder to steady it to take a picture.
canon xs510hr work 75 300 lens	The only Canon camera listed in the 510 group is the SX510 HS, It has only one lens used on this camea. I have not found any other lens usable on this camera. 
weight diamentions  h x w x l  	3.2 x 6 x 7.6, and 41.6 oz. Like I said, they're pretty useless without some form of support.
anyone make isbs digital outputs capture images laptop smartphone	Not to my knowledge.
usm vs non usm whats difference	USM means that the lens has Ultra Sonic Motors which control the auto focus. Basically a USM lens will focus slightly faster, and make less noise than a non USM Lens.
find replacement eye cups 18x50 canon binoculars	I bought a pair directly from Canon repair department. But the REASON was not to replace them, but to get something that fits better new 10x30 cups.
need hold button continuously newer models specifically 18x50	No. You don't need to hold the IS button down.
anyone found rain guards amp objective covers fit canon 15x50 binocs please provide brand buy from thanks	Nope, I can not find any.
much weigh	2.6lbs
thanks answer previous question come threaded fitting allows attachment standard tripod monopod	Yes - with the 15x50 I have. Standard 1/4"-20 Tripod Socket. What model are you considering?
lens vibration control	No it does not..an EFS 80-200 has stabilization. some lenses have USM or EFS in there size and those have extras built in to help your vibrations.
18x50 15x50  please make clear product heading	18X50. I have a new pair. Thy are difficult to focus. The 15X50 are much easier to focus.
lens compatable canon rebel xt dslr	Yes. All EF lenses are compatible with all the DSLRs.
fujinons excellent adjustable eye relief rotate click stop nice assuming canons feature like this	They do not have the click stop eye relief however I do have the canon 18x50 IS and with that much power they are an excellent binoculars and more importantly they have a sharp crisp bright wide field of view with absolutely no jitter when the IS button is pressed a real pleasure to use and after all the click stop feature as nice as it is isn't the most important factor is it!
overall length lens	About. 4/5 inches
lense work well cannon t3i	It works great on my Cannon t3. Don't know about the t3i.
size threaded filter applicable canon 15x50 binocular objectives seems 58mm correct	Accepts 58mm Filters & Lens Hoods
work canon eos rebel t3i	Yes it will
used cannon eos rebel 2000	yes. the 2000 can use any EF lens
fit canon eos rebel t3	Sorry I don't know the seller should know.
use digital canon cameras	Yes, you are able to use on digital cameras as long as your camera has the capability of adding a lens. My camera is digital and it it works great.
lens canon rebel t3i would best filming surfers shore 	I think think this lens could do that for you!
lens digital slrs film slrs cameras lens digital slrs film slrs cameras	As Clint answered, it can be used for either. The advantage to using this lens on a DSLR is being able to change the ISO on the fly. The 4-5.6 F-stop on this camera can create slower shutter speed situation. But you can somewhat make up for this by bumping up the ISO (as the sun goes down).
section order asking styler non usm usm mean	I agree with Wesley, for the most part. USM refers to Ultra Sonic Motor, which is a little bit quieter than the regular autofocus motor, but that's not its primary purpose. The USM is capable of Autofocusing a great deal faster than a regular lens. 
lens image stabilizer	No it does not... I am an old time photographer and it works great for me...and if I need more stabilization that I get from me....I use my tripod.
use lens canon slr digital camera 12 mp	Yes you can. EF lenses like this one are compatible with all Canon SLRs.
lens work canon rebel t5i	It will. I would recommend the 70-250mm over this as it has image stabilization. Only get the 300 if you really need the extra distance and will be using a tripod at full zoom.
lens work cannon eos rebel g	Yes it does, I bought a rebel G many many many years ago and the first lens I bought for was that lens. Image quality isn't great but it's not bad for a first lens.
screw filter size lens	58mm
lens work canon eos rebel k2	I am not sure about that. I have a rebel but it is a different one. However my understanding is that the lens fits all eos type canon models. 
lenses canon eos rebel xt  could someone tell point website shows lenses go digital eos rebel xt 	I got my xti last year and had the same questions. After much reading and many classes .
2 versions lens usm non-usm understand usm better us version 40 cheaper non-usm	USM stands for UltraSonic Motors. They are known for being quieter than standard motors used in cheaper lenses. 
use rechargable batteries recharge radio	Yes, it comes with a car charger also
seperate antenna required	They are ok around the house or for about one block. There is a telescoping antenna that works better, or you can get an adapter at Radio Shack and use a high quality magnetic roof antenna on your car.
bought one 2007 can't find charging adapter mobile charger buy replacements	Any 12 volt will work. Just match up the port.
made in	China
i'm buying gift work station freq 460.07500 type rm tone:151.4 pl	This is a CB radio. CB radios do not use frequencies like that. They literally just use channels #1-40
anyone use kids sporting events soccer amp basketball like it	It can be if you know how to use it. It isn't great in low light situations, and the autofocus is slow, but that can be worked around somewhat easily
use listen ems/police/fire	No, it doesnt work as a scanner just a cb-radio. It has two emergency channels but not for the purposes of listening to ems/police/fire.
hold weather	It's very durable, my issue is the actual range is minimal to non-existent . ...
radio work well stock cb/radio antenna jeep wire anything pick signal wireless	I bought an adapter to be able to use it with a cb antenna on my UTV. It definitely helps with reception and transmit distance.
nikon canon	I believe it can be used for both Nikon and Canon. I use it for my Nikons and an Olympus.
come ac charging adapter	Yes. I do not get good performance out of the CB.
flash units used modern digital cameras without damaging electronics cameras heard problem older designs	I use it with my Canon 5D and Canon 7D with no problem. 
could someone explain comment older flashes damage digital cameras vivitar 283 383 want use panasonic fz70	It is not really a matter of 'older flash units' so much as what voltage the flash unit puts out to the camera. You need to check out one of the forums for your Panasonic camera and ask them what voltage the camera uses.
sold sync pc cord works well mamiya 7 ii without frying anything thanks best regards	Yes..a sync cord is included. This flash has a flaw with the hot shoe..the plastic shoe will break from the weight of the flash..I broke 3 of them..one on the first use.
shalli use 285hv flash nikon d7100	If you are familiar with setting your own light exposure, your F stops with a SLR camera, this will be a good work horse for you. If not, you will be better off buying one that Nikon makes to fit your D7100.
flash used pocket wizard plus ii transceiver	The flash comes with a sync cord with the standard flash sync connection on one end which would connect to the "Flash" terminal on the Pocket Wizard Plus II when being used as a receiver to activate the Vivitar 285HV.
cnnect work canon sx50 hs not why	I cannot answer, I have a Canon T3i, and it is fine. Sorry, no solid answer.
tested works nikon d1x	It will work on any DSLR in the auto sensor mode, in that it will fire when it should.
flash work panasonic lumix dmc-g3	Yes. It should work on any camera with a hot shoe.
old film sold	I have no idea. I do know I was not satisfied with it. I think it'd be better to get a digital camera and I did that. The pictures I took with that film were very disappointing.
aps kodak camera need film.it sells amazon what's expired date film good more.how old film	I really don't know, but there is a Kodak Laboratories website.
good evening...what exact expiration dates fuji 800 film...thank	Mine were well within exepiration dates, I purchased over a year ago and expire this august down to last roll after getting 4 packs of 4
mailman left black mailbox super hot day couple hours anyone happen know resilient film heat	It will be okay, they are very good film, still have some of mine that I bought a while ago from Amazon.
charging shipping pack bulk orders instead one solid price all	Hello there, amazon is dispatching the shipping and they regulate the price and what and how to ship. Please contact amazon customer service to resolve this issue. Thank you.
excuse me films expired tell due date	There were not expired. That's the first thing I checked when I received my film. Hope this helps with your purchase!
get film developed	We've been told that Walgreen's will send out the film. We haven't checked it out yet.
flash work leica m8 nikon sc 28 cable	If the cable has the proper connections A pin connection to the strobe it should work but look it up I'm not sure as far as the camera truth is any strobe will work with any camera .. manufact. don't want you to know that bc they want you to buy theirs.
difference fuji super hq 200 fuji film 200 	Clearer picture with more definition.
expiration date fuji 35mm iso 200 film	Date: 2015-09, September 2015
microphone jack	No, only a headphone jack.
use 200 400 speed rainy days	It is recommended to use 400 because it is more sensitive to light. You could use 200 but with larger apertures or slower times, which is generally more inconvenient.
item line out jack  besides headphone/mic jacks	No output at all , i wanted to record out but no jacks, only the speaker level out which is high power audio !
cd's recognized	You should have no problem playing standard CDs. CD-Rs or bootleg discs may not play. Contact Sony for more information.
description-watts per channel,will kindle fire connect	I can't honestly tell you. I just know it's been an excellent system for the last 12 years. it's never disappointed. I have never connected a kindle to it; only my dvd player and my ps3 game system. it has served it's purpose for that. it's a 350 watt system including the subwoofer (50w).
many mhz phillips fr 965	http://reviews.cnet.com/av-receivers/philips-fr-965-av/1707-6466_7-30098324.html#manDesc
kind wire connections	Single line in port
work kl-60	I really don't know. I have the KL-100. You might check the Casio website. It would probably tell you. If I had saved the package, it might tell you there, but I didn't save it. Sorry, no help.
tape work kl-7200	gib - I really don't know - is that something you could google?
total peak power output capability unit/speakers	This Sony Boombox uses 3.2 ohms load, driven for both channel ranging from 150-6,300 Hz, rated 1.6 W per channel-minimum RMS power with no more than 10% total harmonic distortion in AC operation. Hope this helps. -Ely
tape kl-780	I have a KL-100 and if your model is an updated model of mine it should work just fine.
color print film	This film is color negative 135 format film, it fits your standard 35mm film camera. This is not to be confused with slide film.
showing double pack price order get price doubled also prime charged shipping	Suzy, this is seller Rocket Shipping. Were you trying to buy the Casio XR-9X2S m tape from me? You can get a double pack from me for $9.99 + 4.99 shipping. To find Rocket Shipping, scroll down below the featured merchants. Thank you, Kelley
set timer record show analog tv	I haven't received my order yet, but I'm sure you can. I'm hooked up to Dish Network and all I do is program VCR to start at the appropriate time to the channel my TV comes in on, then earmark the program on Direct /
cable provided	no, mine did not have a cable. just the unit itself, and a remote control.
unit tuner	No. Inputs and outputs for audio and video only. It isn't an AM/FM radio.
sony slv-n50 stereo vcr  slvn50 work digital t.v must t.v analog record tv vcr	Plays great on a digital TV. Have not recorded but I assume since it plays fine it would record as well. Hope that helps...... Stan Warner
come remote	Yes. It came with a Sony video plus RMT-V266B remote.
can't tell include remote	mine did
play modern tv understand record hd record qam tuner tv also record cable box	Sorry, I can't answer your specific question. I bought the unit to transfer VHS tapes to DVD. The only function I used was playback. It worked well for that purpose.
come remote get one use machine	Yes it did, but the third party seller specifically said it came with the remote. I would make sure the seller states so prior to ourchase.
tc-we605s need manual anyone help different 305s	Sorry, but I don't have that manual.
duplicate tapes	Hi Bob D., yes you can duplicate or dub tapes using this Sony TC-WE305. -Ely
work modern sony stereo receivers	It has RCA in/output. I'm not sure if you would need an adapter or not. I have a newer sony stereo that I am running this model through.
speakers built unit	No, it's just a deck. Cables connect it to your stereo. The stereo has the speakers.
include piece screws gps mine broke can't remember whether part original gps came mount	Yes, this set has a new back that screws into the GPS (just like the normal one), and the handlebar mount that the new back clips/snaps into.
support etrex 20	Not from the image I see. I have that on an older etrex hc. I went to the Garmin website and found this part number 010-11023-00. Do a search on Amazon for that part.
fit 1.5 inch handlebar	No, unfortunately it won't. I had to mount it to another mount that fits on a thicker handlebar.
going replace it model buy	Hi Geraldine WierzbickiRoach, Please send us more details about your concern at socialsupport@am.sony.com, give us your contact details and the exact model number of your unit so that we can assist you further. Thanks. &gt;Joffrey
record unit	You can play a tape or you can record to a blank tape. Does that answer your question?
radio antennae radio come antenna	No, you have to get your own. I made sure to get a really good one, and this radio has been excellent because of the good antenna.
radio antena made usa	No! Vietnam.
radio antennae radio come antenna	No, you have to get your own. I made sure to get a really good one, and this radio has been excellent because of the good antenna.
external speaker jack	Yes it has an external speaker jack and a external pa speaker jack.
work semi trucks	Yes
please name good brand model antennae	High gain cb antena
sony slvn50 stereo vcr slvn50 work digital tv must tv analog record tv vcr	Plays great on a digital TV. Have not recorded but I assume since it plays fine it would record as well. Hope that helps...... Stan Warner
scan channels function	I don't think so. My son has it so I cannot run out and check. Different channels need different squelch settings so I've never found that to be useful anyway. 
come power cord amazon carry one fit	Yes it comes complete and ready to go.
come way plug buy separately	You have to buy it separate...
stumbled upon lightning deal I amazed things still made 21st century used uses truckers still use I smart ass still love 70's muscle cars I 1 mock	Yes truckers still use them and they are the way most truckers on the road talk to one another to ask road conditions, where is the "smokies" and so forth.
decription says cb compact unit size specs amazons page undens website says 12 w x 6 h x 4 correct	No, I would say the dimensions are more like 2" tall, 4 1/2" wide, and 6" deep. Compact indeed.
unit used semi	This radio CAN be used in a semi. I'm an amateur radio operator involved with emergency communications, in which CB radio plays a part, so I purchased this radio for base rather than mobile operation; however, it is equally adequate, and is really intended, for mobile operations.
small speakerhow easy hear	Very hard.... it never worked properly... I sent it bac
uniden 40channel cb radio pro510xl anyway connected pa system little effort go pro520xl	Can be connected to a speaker easily however when switched to pa it does not just act as a pa but also as an external speaker for the cb.no way to turn this off as far as I can see. 
pick marine channels	Not even a little bit.
510xl retain last channel used completely unplugged cigarette lighter know retain simply switched	Actually not sure I have it hard wired in so it turns on and off with the ignition switch
get rid microphone squeal turn volume really low speak turn responses kind annoying	Turn up the squelch
radio actually 12 inches long specs say	The radio is actually 4.5'' x 7''.x 1.5'' . I believe the 12" is the factory shipping box.
mny cords hold	I was bale to enclose one power cable cord and a LAN/ethernet cable. You can say two ethernet cords or two power cable cords can fit in snugly. That should be it. You may find it difficult snapping on the cover for any more cables. 
run accessory lighter chargers see advertised powering cb radios would love transfer car car	Yes, I installed a cigarette lighter type plug to mine and it works fine. I use my CB on trips only so I take mine out when not traveling over road.
wanted hook cb cigarette lighter socket kind cord need purchase	The CB has two wires built in so all you would need is a cigarette lighter socket adapter and wire it up. 
suit garmin etrex 30	Can't say for sure. Mine was a Etrex Hcx Legend, and this was not compatable with it. Good luck.
dimensions specs say 485 x 31 x 2 inches cannot right put 2 hdmi cables run	Those measurement are definitely wrong. Actual measurements of sections approx. 48x1.25x.5 inches
many feet one package wiremold c210	12 feet
install screws instead tape could install screws instead included tape get decent result	I had thought about using screws myself, but it is a bit difficult to try and keep the "flap" open while trying to drill holes and putting screws in. If you try it, I'd use very very flat head screws.
removed without damaging sheetrock I I would like install apartment want repair bill move	No. I had a lot of issues when removing these from my walls. The adhesive pulled pieces of the wall off. 
anyone tip tool used cut channels make right fit section wires along wall thanks	Hello Mr. Efficiency! This is Dr. Tech! :) I used a rotozip with a saw attachment cutting on the back side of the adhesive first.
fit two coaxial cables	Yes
battery needed canon rc 5 wireless remote	Pretty sure it's a CR2032 3-Volt Lithium battery. One additional note: I originally bought the RC5 and then traded it in for the RC6 because the RC5 has only a 2-second delay shutter release, whereas the RC6 has a switch to select IMMEDIATE shutter release OR a 2-second delay. 
fit 14 gauge extension cord cable channel	yes, should be no problem.
work elph 300 hs	Hi, if the camera's manual, accessories, does not list the RC-5, then it will most likely will not work with the Elph 300 HS. You may want to contact Canon and ask about wireless control accessories. 
say want make 1minute time exposure camera 7d set bulb mode hold remote's button whole time	Although I have used the remote to trigger my camera, I have not tried the extended exposure part.
compatible canon eos rebel xs	After browsing Canon's website under Canon EOS Rebel XS accessories, there is no 'wireless' remote listed. However, there is a 'wired' remote switch -- RS-60E3. 
widthheight raceways legrand cmk50 cord mate ii kit	i think the different numbers mean different sizes
compatible elph 100hs thanks much	I don't know for sure, but I think not. Recommend you visit the Canon website and seek help from support.
compatible canon eos rebel k2 date film slr	Canon's website does NOT list the RC-5 remote as a compatible accessory for the K2.
compatible canon t3i	Canon's website lists the RC-6 as an accesory for the T3I.
genuine canon ir remote	Yes, but you should know its limitations. You will only be able to control the camera when it is facing you at a max range of about 10ft.
compatible canon sx40 hs	Hi Gary, I am familiar with the RC-5, which is the same as the RC-6. The difference being that the RC-6 has two settings for shutter release. 
open top zip top meaning zipper flap stuff get	zip top
hold two canon 1d's lens	No. At least not with a lens attached. It's not a bad bag, but the 1Dx doesn't fit into any bag well that I've found. The camera body alone takes up the entire camera compartment.
anyone issues strap slipping shoulder cannot get stick best way solve thanks	I haven't had any issues with the strap. The curved part on the top of strap should be placed such that it curves toward the neck.
fit extension arm lense odd shaped lense short &amp fat	Inside is 14 x 7.5 x 6 (without flap 'space') and the partitions are movable. Measure the extension arm and lenses but probably.
padding bag sufficient padding people gentle equipment	Yes, the inner parts are fine and you can add or remove padded velcor separators. I wouldnt check it as baggage though.
anyone know fit canon c100 lenses bag	I can put a Canon 7D with a 100 to 400mm lens mounted, 55 to 250mm, 15 to 85mm and all other accessories (filters, strap, compact flash etc). 
canon 7d body speedlite flash 3 lenses 1 big tamron 150600 zoom canon bag easily hold equipment	The bag does have adjustable dividers inside for thr equipment. 
could compare canon 1eg bag lowepro magnum bag	Both bags are equal in material wise. Rigid. But I bought 2 of the Canon 1eg bag because it said Canon. 
canon logo removed without damaging bag I I would rather carrying nondescript bag rather saying expensive equipment	No
right one get big 5d3 70200 f28 24105 f4	I am a part-time reporter for a weekly newspaper, so I have a lot of extras. I carry my main camera, a Canon Rebel EOS, in a small case that I can grab on a moment's notice. 
normal 25x magnification screen optical viewfinder dims little	Yes, I usually keep it on the 1x, because I can see better.
work canon t3i bob	I don't now if it works with t3i. It has many adapters for different models. It works with my 5DM2, as described in its description.
normal 25x magnification screen optical viewfinder dims little	Yes.
canon addressed problem loose adapter permitting angle finder fall camera	no we got new delivery last week, if there was any problem they would not ship
eyepiece rotate much	It does rotate. It rotates all the way around.
read review said although canon claims see exposure settings right angle viewer c notyes biggest reason going purchase sends seagull land lot	Yes and no. At 1x zoom, you can see the exposure reading you see exactly the same thing you can see through your regular camera viewfinder.
product works 5d mark iii	Yes, the Angle Finder C does work with the 5DIII.
use ring flash canon ef 100 mm f28 lis usm macro lenses	yes, i use it with that lens. you will need a 67mm adapter ring to attach flash to lens.
product fits 5d markiii	Fits my MarkII just fine. It fits my Canon 10D, 30D also. Check the accessories pages in your manual.
canon macro ring flash used canon 60mm f28 macro lens	Yes, it can.
flash used canon ef 50mm f18 ii thank	You would need to purchase an optional canon 52C macrolite adapter which is available from Amazon
flash come standard 1year limited warranty canon	yes, it did
use macro flash canon ef 50mm f25 macro lens thank's advance	I know that you have to buy a ring adapter to fit in between.without it, it won't mount. It depends on the lense. 
thisflash used lens	In theory, you could use it off the lens, but there's no bracket for it, so you would either have to hold it in your hand or have someone else hold it.
cost gods name expensive	That's the Canon way...
ring flash fit 58 mm macro lens adapter buy	It depends on the specific lens you have. This flash attaches to a flange on the lens barrel with a pinch-lock mechanism.
need diffuser external flash needs diffusers sure	I have never seen a diffuser for sale for this flash before. I suppose you could make your own, but since the flash ring has multiple bulbs instead of one, it has very "different" flash placement and control than a typical flash unit and you have few choices as to how you want to direct the flash and how intense you want the flash.
work rerel eos 5t	Yes... The Canon website lists it as a recommended accessory.
work canon 6d ability lock	I know this answer is a bit late, but you'll want to get the RS-80N3 for your 6D instead of this one.
canon rebel 1855mm lens flash fit need attachment	Yes, you need use the Canon Macrolite Adapter 58!
compatible canon t4i camera	Yes it is that's my camera.
compatible t2i	According to the Canon website these are the T2 models it is compatible with; -- EOS Rebel T2 -- EOS Rebel T2i Body.
remote works canon 60d	The remotes that work on the Canon 60D camera are Canon Remote Switch RS60 E3 and Wireless Remote Controller RC-6. These are the two that I could find on the compatibility list of remotes listed.
compatible canon rebel t3i	100% yes.
work 40d 60d	This is the correct remote for the 60D. The 40D uses an RS-80N3.
work canon rebel xti	Yes!... http://shop.usa.canon.com/shop/en/catalog/remote-switch-rs-60e3 www.offreality.com
work canon sl1	Why yes it will. It is a great remote!
compatible canon rebel t5i	I'm not sure about the T5i, but I have a T2i and it works like a charm. I'd find it hard to believe that the two camera bodies are so different that this remote won't work with the T5i.
100eg bag small rebel t3 1855mm 50mm prime 75300 lenses fit 10eg	No. Too small.
list price bag overinflated huge margin	We're not sure, that information is posted by Amazon. If we had to guess, that could have been the price when the bag was first released.
pls help fit good bag 6d grip 2470 f4 70 200 f4is thank much	With 24-70 will fit with hood reversed. 70 - 200 wont
bag fit 75 flash standing	A 7.5" flash fits inside (tightly).
canon rebel xsi compatible work canon rebel xsi	According to the manual, XSI supports RC1 and RC5
size bag	The footprint of the bag is approx. 18" wide by 10" front to back (including pockets). I carry my camera (w/55-250 attached) positioned with the lens pointing away from me, in the center of the bag.
work pointing front camera eos 7d remotes work back camera help	This remote is only InfraRed, therefore only works pointing directly to the front, what you need is an RC/RF remote shutter trigger like this one.
work canon 7d would like confirmation buy thanks work canon 7d	Yes it does. I have the same remote and didnt think it will work with anything other than my old XTi. But realized it works great with my 60 D and my new 7D.
auto focus auto focus remote controller	Yes, it will autofocus as long as the camera lens is set to auto.
work canon t1i remote control work canon t1i	cool! i was also wondering if this would work with the T1i. Ordered!
bulb exposure lock anyone used remote long bulb exposures	The latter; You press the button once to open the shutter. Then it stays open until you press the button once more.
30d compatible rc1 compatible canon 30d	Found on another forum: RC-1 will NOT work because the 20D/30D doesn't come with an IR sensor.
remote canon 5d remote work canon 5d	This works for a 5D Mark II... I'm not sure about the 5D or the 40D.
flash compatible canon rebel t3i600d	Yes
question range angle remote xsi need point front camera activate shutter activate shutter angle front behind camera	yes it works quite well at an angle. I use mine like many would use a wired remote.
compatible cabnon 5d old	If the camera is E--TTL compatible, this will work.
compatible canon rebel t2i	Yes
flash used slave canon 70d	No, it can only be used as an "On Camera" flash, or "Off Camera" using a remote cord. It does NOT have remote "Slave" capability.
bounce feature somebody tell flash bounce feature flash always direct	no tilt...bounce requires an off camera cord. Patrick
red eye reduction 220 ex g7 220 ex reduce red eye photos taken g7	I just came back from a vacation and shot over 1000 photographs using a G9 and the 220ex.
use canon sx50	The sx50 has a hot shoe so I'm sure it will work. However, I'd recommend the 270EX II. It has a moveable flash head so you bounce off the ceiling. It's also smaller.
get 430ex roughly 15 bucks use trigger 580exii right	In case you haven't yet found your answer, the 430EX (nor the 430EX II) cannot trigger other speedlights (it can't be a master, only a slave). 
make ste2 talk 430 ex ii canon 6d thanks	Hi Paul, I have the 6D and the 430EX II as well. To get them talking, you will need to put the flash into Slave mode.
transmitter works 550ex speedlite flash	It is automatically compatable with E-TTL II, E-TTL, or TTL. Even the older model 420EX Speedlight preforms with the ST-E2. Southern Studios, Statesboro.
appears ste2 ettl compatible true	It is compatible with ETTL. There's a button right on the ST-E2 that you can select manual or ETTL.
work 600 ex speedlite flash	Yes
type battery take also af assist beam fully functional ever dropped	It takes a little coin cell 2CR5 batteries, I'll include one or two. AF assist works really well in low light. Fully functional, never dropped.
ste2 support hispeed sync mode	Yes, there is a button on the back to turn it on or off.
work canon rebel sl1 also use 550ex work master need	Call Canon Support Line at: (800) 652-2666. They can give you accurate answers and advice.
fire monolights	I don't think so... can you be more specific on your monolights?
states free shipping yet want buy one wants charge $58 postage	Thank you for posting your question. As of today January 20, 2014 this item is sold by Amazon.
fit 70d	I do not know. I bought it to fit my Canon Rebel XT.
wife shoot quite weddings second shooter eyeglass wearer glare pain rear I always looking top glasses shades get better picture anyone else wear glasses use eye cup	I wear sunglasses with these, and usually I do the same thing you do. I pull them down to look through better. 
compatible canon 650d	Thank you for your question, Aaron. I do not know the answer to your question. You would think that a manuracturer would allow for accessories like this to be interchangable, but I do not know the 650D.
fit eos rebel t31100d thanks	It fit my canon 60d perfectly.
work canon 6d	I bought this for my 5D Mk-I
fit canon t2i	I now own the T2i, and I believe the eye cup from the RebelXT will fit it. I sold the RebelXT, so I can't do a comparison side-by-side.
work rebel xsi wlens 55250 mm long lens canon430ex flash teleconverter struggle thanks much	You will need to go bigger. I have the camera and the lens and its a challenge to get that in.
hey gadget bag impermeable	I assume you meant is it impermeable? I'm quite sure it would not be if immersed in water but as far as some rain hitting it you would be ok.
hold t5i 15135mm lens battries	It holds the camera, 2 lens, 2x batteries, lens hood, a point and shot camera and cokin adapter plus 5 lens and a pen and small memo pad GREAT BAG!
use strap hidden back thanks	It's to wrap around your waist to use like a fany pack. I don't ever use it, but it could come in handy.
bag hold canon eos rebel t3i plus long lense	It will hold a T3i with its standard lens and can accommodate another lens such as a 75-300 zoom.
bag good choice canon powershot sx50 hs thanks	Although my brother's camera is a Canon, it was not an SX50. However, I did Google the camera you are wondering about and it appears that this bag would hold it just fine.
dimensions kodak easy share protruding lense	Per the description, the dimensions are 10.3 x 8.3 x 7.3 inches, and it weighs about 1.7 pounds. I checked when I received my bag, and that's just about right on the money.
size bag thank	10.3 x 8.3 x 7.3 inches ; 1.7 pounds - from another review: "This bag is not big enough for all your toys." It is, however, a great day bag, one-camera storage bag, or perfect bag for a one body and kit lens user. 
I looking camera bag contain canon power shot d20 would work big	It would certainly hold it. Probably in just the front pocket.
bag comfortable carry around day looking nonbulky comfortable bag carry around disney	I would say yes! There's a strap that's adjustable that could be over the shoulder or cross body.
connect computer dubbing tape	go to Best Buy and purchase pinnacle connector. It is a white device with a USB on one end and a RCA / s cable connector on the other. You will also need software.
one question dcrvx2100 ilink connector 2000 also port transfer video	Hi, yes, it does have the fire wire connection. Sony calls this the iLink, but it is actually a fire wire connection. 
camera 3 female rca outputs video audio 2100	Hi, yes it does have the RCA outputs. Let me know if you have any other questions! Thanks!
replace processor turn camera says good condition description states needs processor turn	Hi, thanks for your email, you should talk to seller as there is no processor in the VX2000 that you can turn it on or off, seller probably meant bad PC board and you are looking at over $500.00 repair job. Take care.
replace processor turn camera says good condition description states needs processor turn	Hi tinadowen, replacing the processor of this DCRVX2000 is not recommended nor admissible. 
add additional light source	Yes
camera uses mini cassette	Yes. It uses the mini DV tape.
camera come battery battery charger mic interested buying	Mine comes with the camera itself, a standard battery, battery charger, lens hood and i will even throw in a very good condition canon backpack for it
recommended tripod could buy	Most tripods that are in store bought have a regulated size screw that threads into virtually any camera so no, its pretty much preference
recording system ntsc pal	NTSC
4 camera wires fit	They will; but it would be kind of a tight fit.
difference lens using canon telephoto lens	This lens is for close up pictures at relatively short distances. The other is a telephoto lens for taking close ups of larger items at longer distances.
canon 100mm f28 macro lens usa warranty	The one I bought here on Amazon does. Simple to call or email Canon here in the USA and confirm it.
lens yet use would like buy macro light fit around would good onerings buy fit lens	I usually do an immense amount of research before purchasing a product because I despise having useless pieces of equipment around me when I could just do the research and purchase once.
description says fulltime manual focus autofocus capabilities right	Yes it has auto focus as well. :)
besides pricewhat big difference canon ef 100 mm f 28 usm macro lens canon ef 100mm f28 usm macro lens	The primary difference between the Canon EF 100 mm f /2.8L IS USM Macro Lens and the Canon EF 100mm f/2.8 USM Macro Lens is the IS. This refers to Image Stabilization.
help lenses upgrade lenses looking canon ef 100mm f28 macro usm lens canon ef 50mm f14 usm canon ef 28135mm f3556 usm canon efs 18200mm f356 like ef 50mm 14 macro would	It depends on what you like to shoot. I am a novice to the photography game and I have several lenses in my arsenal. 
know 100mm nacro lens still great lens taking portrait beauty shots would recommend canon 100mm f2 usm	I have used is for such and see no need for the f2 lens. It is a great lens for this in my experience .
canon ef 100mm f28 macro good family portraits one behind	at f2.8 it will be tough, since the DOF is pretty shallow, but you don't want to shoot portraits that wide open as they tend to be soft wide open on most lenses.
sports lens 50000 range I looking spend 50000 ideas	I am alos looking to buy a rebel xti and want to photograph my son playing sports. What lens did you buy for sporting events?
lens fit canon rebel t3i	Yes - all canon lenses - EF and EF-S - will fit this camera
lens work rebel t3 camera thanks advance answer	Yes, this will fit the Rebel T3(eos1100d)
lens fit eos 300 slr	Yes, it will fit EOS 300 SLR camera. I have one up for sale if you interest in this lens. Please feel free to ask if you have any questions. Thank you JAL for stop by Tomas_H.
lens fit t5i	Yes it will.
lense work appropriately canon eos digital camera d400	I used it several years ago on a 350d (Rebel XT) and a 30D, and it worked fine. The Rebel series is a crop-sensor lens, which mean the focal length, as far as the sensor's cropping, is more in the 160-480mm range as far as what is captured.
lens image stabilization	No. This lens does not have IS
fit canon t2i	Yes, I've used it even on one of the old 300d Rebels as well as my 50D.
work canon hf s30	No, this is not gong to work sitt the HF S30 camcorder.
lens fit eos 30d	Yes, it will.It will fit any Canon Camera that uses EF Lenses
take pic night flash see christmas lights house 1000 ft away	I have no doubt you could see the house but the question is quality. That is a good lens and i use it at my church to take pictures during the services, however the lighting they have in there is very good so it it easy to get clean shoots.
seen version lens white anything different color	Yes! The trademark white Canon lenses are actually white for a reason - light reflection and heat.
work t1i	Yes, as long as the T1i acepts the EF canon lens and I believe it should. Excellent lens!
lens use low light indoors forsports lens	This lense works great for action outdoors with a lot of light. We use fixed 1.8 for indoors
lens made japan	Yes
lens use low light indoor sports thank	No. It's much to slow.
lens work rebel 3ti camera	Yes!
lense work canon rebel t5i digital slr camera	I originally bought it for my canOn eos rebel t1i. I know use it for my Canon 7d. Canon makes their lenses to be interchangeable between canon cameras.
cannon also makes ef 75300 lll usm lens$217 image stabilizer worth get lens $679 specific thanks	Yes and no. The EF 75-300mm IS USM is a much better quality lens. You get what you pay for. 
drive output imac	Likely not without an additional preamp. This unit is designed for high wattage amplifiers, not line or headphone level sources. 
run home theater family room auxiliary speakers kitchen separately together item adjust volumes	You can only turn the speakers on or off. There are 4 separate channels.
surround system fried use hook speakers tv one rc adapter multiple video	No. You will need an amplifier (most commonly receiver). The TV outputs only send out a small signal, not enough current to power speakers.
anyone knows product work 51 harman kardon home theater system need 2 speakers outside 3 inside house	It certainly will. Great speaker selector for the price.
require electrical outlet power device	This item does not require a power source nor does it come with a plug. Thank you for your interest in this item and for your question.
run powered subwoofer using speaker cables stereo receiver	the unit is designed to process powered inputs, you shouldn't have a problem.
pioneer 51 amp want run outside speakers still able use 51 surround play outside speakers well	It depends on your receiver. I have a pioneer as well (vsx815), but mine has speaker preouts that I used to take to an external amp and then from this external amp to this switch to power different zones of speakers. 
play audio 4 zones 14 time	Yes, as long as the 5th button is activated... but also you have to be careful of not exceeding ohms and watts, instructions tell you the limits.
unit handle 150w amplifier channel 150w every speakers output want use stereo 400w rmsch amp &amp 6 x 140w speaker	it should no problem, it's not a powered device itself. all this does a split the power you currently have coming from your receiver
monster cables	Monster is a brand of speaker cable. this speaker selector will work with any brand of speaker cable, although as mentioned in several of the reviews, the speaker wire cant be too thick. 
connect pair speakers 6 ohm	Speaker impedance limits are really determined by your amplifier / receiver. The switch should not care whether your speakers are 4, 6, or 8 ohms.
connect pair speakers 6 ohm	You should have no issues with hooking up your 6 ohm speakers. We have multiple speakers set up in ourhouse and in my shop. I have two of these units and they work great.
need surround sound receiver stereo receiver hook six pairs speakers matter either way one pair speakers time	I have it connected to a Sony stereo receiver w 4 pairs speakers. I play all 4 pairs at same time. 
I looking find dimensions unit length width height need know shall fit easily cabinet thanks	Height 2 1/4 in, width 11 in, depth is 4 3/4 from button to speaker jacks in the back
connect 140 watt rated speakers rated 150 watts	Yes I don't see why not. I have quite a few different wattage speakers connected to mine and it works perfectly !
want use monster speaker connector tips unit inlets seem small anyone know type connectors fit unit	The tips should fit in the slot. The slots are about 1/4 big. Maybe contact Monster personally?
connect crown xls 802 amp 500watts8ohms 1600watts8ohms bridged speaker switcher 6 zones 128 ohm speakers run	I would imagine you can. This has circuitry protection built into it to protect it. 
use monster angled gold pin connectors wire fit connectors would using 14 gauge	The connections on mine are the type where you flip the latch up, then insert the end of the speaker wire, then flip the latch back down to clamp the wire snuggly. 
bit ignorant regards fully utilizing surround sound use receiver four living room two outdoor speakers	All the switch will do is split your left and right stereo channels. 
power box without aid reiciever	Hi Jason, I wondered that that myself. You will connect the box directly to the main speaker connections on your amp. Then you will wire your speakers to the box. 
fit cannon rebel xsi	Yes
work canon eos 5d mark iii	Yes. It will work on the 5D MIII. EF lenses work on full frame and cropped sensor Canon bodies. EF-S lenses only work on cropped sensor bodies.
lens work canon eos rebel t3 dslr	Yes. Canon EF mount lenses work with all Canon DSLRs. With the crop factor of the APS-C sensor in the Rebel T3, the lens is effectively a 45-320mm. 
fit 60d	Yes it do!!! The 60D is EFmount. Buy this ! &#128077;&#127999;
lens image stabilization thanks	Don't have. http://m.dpreview.com/products/canon/lenses/canon_28-200_3p5-5p6_usm
lens macro lensthanks	No. And it's minimum focusing distance is not get good. If you want a good and sharp macro lens your going to have to go with a single focal length. 
work rebel t3 dslr	Yes it is work. Because the t3 is ef mount and efs. http://www.dpreview.com/products/canon/slrs/canon_eos600d
go cannon 5d mark ii	It's works. Because it is an EF lens. And tath lens is awesome.
fit t1i	After reviewing the T1i amazon page, the short answer is "yes". The 28-200 is an EF (full frame) lens. Most Canon DSLR will support EF and EFS to my knowledge.
looking replace old 2890mm lens first canon eos rebel film camera would good replacement thoughts	You been an adapter if you want to put on your film camera. This lens is a very good upgrade for the kit but the lens mount is for electronic cameras.
camera operated fully automatic also manuel	yes if you dont have a manuel you can download it. there are several point and shoot options.
camera audiomic jack	no, this is a film camera so it doesn,t do running video. therefore no audio.
camera option one object color rest black white	No.
camera change lens	Sure does.
auto funtions well	hello i want to buy this camera but i came back 30 september.if you fast delivery date i can buy the camera .
camera take videos	NO. This camera does not take video. This is a really old model that is over 10 years old. It's a great film camera, but your question implies you want a modern digital camera with video capabilities. This is not that camera.
camera take video well	This is a film era camera (no video and no digital images).
record video camera	This may be the most absurd question related to this analog camera. And the answer is "no"!!!
dose take good action pictures	you bet. buy iso 400 speed film and set the shutter speed at 400 or more and you can freeze an indy car at speed or freeze a humingbirds wings. 
film camera put sd card transfer photos computer	Yes it is a film camera only ,unfortunately you can not place any SD cards on it.
ummm excuse ignorance use 35mm film also create digital images download onto computer thanks	Not a digital camera, only records images on film.
good video	What video? This is a FILM camera ONLY. No video, no digital display, no memory card. If you want to take photos with FILM, this is the camera to use. READ the information about the product!
much zoom focus would well like flowers trees windmills half mile away	The camera works very well, and it will work good for about 1/4 to a half mile away. Hope this helps!!
would good camera take pictures products	If you're using film, sure. This is Not a digital camera.
putting batteries could figure turn fill ignorent	The display on the back will always stay on as well as the film indicator on the top screen. To know if it is off go by the screen on top. 
image resolution	The resolution of film images depends upon the area of film used to record the image (35 mm, Medium format or Large format) and the speed. Estimates of a photograph's resolution taken with a 35 mm film camera vary.
get instruction guide camera like bought one 2000 missing instruction guide	http://www.usa.canon.com/cusa/support/consumer/eos_slr_camera_systems/eos_35mm_slr_cameras/eos_rebel_2000 Select "brochures & manuals" and there is a pdf of the manual.
camera use sd memory card	No. It is not a digital camera. It is a FILM camera.
purchase canon eos rebel 2000 silver date 35mm slr camera deluxe kit include camera curious	Yes, this is JUST the camera. I had to order a bag separately to hold it in.
camera selftimer function	yes!
fit t3	Yes
lens compatible digital eos rebel ds6041	It is an EF lens and will work on any Canon DSLR. Canon makes two kinds of lenses: EF and EFS. The EFS lenses are made for their crop-sensor cameras and fit deeper into the body and will interfere with the mirror in a full-frame body.
lens compatible canon 5d mark 2	Yes I have that model and it is a great lens!!
good canon rebel t3i	It's a very good and solid lens for Rebel or any canon DSLR. Its focal length is perfect as a travel lens, yet it is small and light enough. Since this lens is old, the price is a bargain. 
compatible canon 60d	Yes. It is EF mount and will work on full frame (5D, 6D, 1D etc) and crop sensor cameras (Txi series, 50D,60D, 70D, 7D, etc).
I lookng everyday lens good portraiture canon rebel xt fit	Yes, I have the same camera and this lens is still the one I use every day.
work rebel xti hi lens work rebel xti 400d	Yes it does.
canon ef 28105mm ef 28135mm better	I own both so I'll make a few comments. First let me provide a little background. I've spent 40 years in the ad biz designing/producing print media. 
tripod mount rings fit lens	Not sure but for what I've found, it really doesn't weigh much. I don't think it's all that necessary. It isn't like a large zoom lens that far outweighs the camera body.
good lens canon rebel xsi rookie starting dslr territory would sufficient get xsi body	I have the same question. Is it worth paying over $200 for the IS enabled version?
lens compatible rebel gii	I don't believe so.
flash compatible canon rebel xti camera auto zoom etc	Yes, fully compatible! I have answered this inquiry earlier. I used that camera and flash to photograph scores of weddings before I finally retired.
work canon 70d	Yes, very well. The 420ex is an analog Speedlite and will work wirelessly, if you are using more than one, with other analog Canon flashes, or with the 600ex-rt in IR mode only.
used commander flash cannon 60d	If by that, you mean using the 420EX as a master flash to trigger other slave flashes, the answer is No. You need the 580EX for that.
compatible rebel sl1	The 420ex is compatible. However, the 420ex has been superceded by the 430ex, if you are buying new. All the Speedlites are compatible, by the way.
anyone find lack problem particularly steady hands	Hi Silvia. I have not found it a problem at all. Without the use of a tripod, nobody is perfectly steady. My shots come out clear. I have no complaints.
flash tested canon eos camera proper exposure	I use it on my 40D. It works well for me but I do not know how to calibrate.
hello works canon t2i t3i	Yes.
work wireless canon 60d	Yes, you can slave it.
work canon t3	The t3 is a later model than I have ever owned/used. I retired almost ten years ago.
need flashattachment canon powershot pro1 flash attachment camera	What does it look like I might.
use iphone	Sure you can! As long as the extension cord is working.
ends 35 ml male female	Yes
would work httpwwwamazoncomgpproductb002	Yes, it will work fine with those headphones.
work 6d come instruction manuel	Amber, This should work without a problem as a standard TTL flash. I have used mine without issues on the very similar 5D Mark ii.
male &amp female ends 25mm	yes I measured with digital calipers, same size as you'd find on year MP-3 player earbuds
sometimes need headphone work plugged laptop headsets short work time plug	Yes - if you buy the set it comes with various jacks. I use mine with a desktop and a laptop.
plug laptop headset female part use listen presentations laptop also extended length unextended length please	Yes, up to 16 feet, 4 feet, and worth every penny.
use smartphone	To be honest with mine I was having trouble where I will hear distant vocals but music will come fine, when asked owner about the issue he replied to have an amp as well otherwise the sound will not come thru completely
go phone line modem	Yes
plug tihis tv headsets	Yes you can this headset works wirelessly and with a cord . I plug it into my tv and listen to it in bed so I don't disturb my wife while she sleeps
14 female 35 mm	The "Single PLUG" portion (the largest adapter) of this kit is a 1/4" Male, with the 3.5mm Female. Just the opposite of what your question asked.
7 ft cable 15 ft belkin cable	Yes, as Ryan said the only difference is the length. I bought one of each of them... the 15 ft. & 7 ft., because the distance from my wall outlet to my APC surge protector was further than from that surge protector to my modem. 
one belkin 15 ft cable	No. This one is seven feet long. You have to buy the longer one if you want 15 feet.
work gaming headsets separate auxiliary microphone cord	This would work with one at a time - as in, you'd have to buy two of the 1/4" cables for both auxiliary and microphone. 
markings cord show 18 awg 183 16 awg 163 14 awg 143 12 awg 123	18 AWG
cord gauge	I'm not sure of the gauge ... It's the same diameter of the power cord to my desktop, monitor, and amplifier. I use this for my guitar amp.
got samsung 65 inch led television model nbr un65f7100af power cord came isnt long enough one work	It worked great on my LG. If Samsungs female plug is the same I would say yes......
used like earthing wrist bands expensive product	The earthing products are more expensive because they will get you more in tune with the cosmic vibrations and facilitate the proper chi energy flow. Just kidding, it's the same thing.
bought ground attach please answer housewife language one	Hello Diane, You can wrap the strap around your wrist and attach the metal part to any metallic part on computer (like the case itself). The reason for this is so no static fry's any components. Hope this helps! Thanks!
know silly question need one arm one fine	I believe one grounds you so that is all you need.
work hp laserjet p1102w	It worked perfect on my elliptical. It is pretty universal but I don't know if it will work on your HP.
first time getting static wristband wondering came instructions	Hi Daniel. Yes, the package includes the Anti-Static Wristband itself and the instructions for use paper/manual.
stiff coils ie really feel pulling move arm coil stretches	They are loose, pulling them provides little to no resistance and it still coils back up
long cord	almost two feet when coiled. can stretch easily to about 3 feet, then after that it's really stretching.
buy two one hand	As far as I know you just need one unless you want to wear one for each wrist. One will do the trick. The purpose is to ground yourself so as to get rid of the charges by will zap your computer or components.
cable shielded	I don't know for sure, and when you click the link for info on this cord on the Belkin site, it returns you to their product home page, so the specs are hard to come by. 
type cable need hook dvd player router streaming say netflix	Yes. I own this cable and use it from my router to my blu ray player, PlayStation etc.
cable call etherneti want go rounder back tvthe slot tv says eternet	This will work just fine to go from a router to tv. Always buy cables like this online, they are crazy over priced in local stores.
seem charged practical attach macbook aluminum body avoid tingling occasional shocks typing	Yes, it is.
wrist band need also get antistatic mat	Yes, In any dry climate, static electricity is there and you should take all procautions to protect your equipment. Even worst if you have carpet in your room where your equipment is located.
cable shielded	No
type cable need connect modem phone jack wall	No you would need a phone cord to connect your modem to the wall.
looking ethernet cable computer computer use without internet connections work	If you want to transfer files between the computers, this will not work. 
want guaranteed cable belkin product cable listed buyers saying belkin	Yes, this networking cable is a Belkin product.
useful people want get rid static electricity example always get shock especially winter	In theory, yes. But you would only be able to walk as far as the leash (which would be about 18 inches). The anti-static strap only works when it is attached to a ground.
cable shielded	Yes, it is.
think bought cabel $3499 said need $452	?????? and your question is what????
work canon lbp6000	Jane Looking on Cannon's website, it seems that the Belkin Hi-Speed Cable would be compatible with the Canon LBP6000. In the specification section of this printers web page it says "Standard Interface - USB Device 2.0 Hi-Speed."
belkin brand generic substitute pictures posted buyers	I received a cheap generic cable labeled with a white sticker that said Belkin. This sticker was applied over a product description label. This is not a Belkin product.
belkin work brother mfcj475dw	I think so, but you should check with Google. There is USB 3.0 cable now, but my computer is older than that. 
work hp photosmart 6520 printer	Hello Akshata. The Hi-Speed USB 2.0 Cable should work with the HP Photosmart 6520 printer since they have the same-shaped USB cable ends.
twistedpair	Not really. If you mean twisted-pair for phone jack use, it's not RJ12. This is RJ45 for network wiring like Ethernet. It is too wide to be used for phone service.
work iphone 5s ipad 4th generation	Hi Nancy. This will not work. You need a lightning to USB cable for your iPhone 5S and iPad 4th Gen. http://www.belkin.com/us/F8J023-Belkin/p/P-F8J023/
work brother one laser printer scanner	Yes, it will.
cable shielded	it has the standard shielding of any cat 5 cable
canon d530 cable works scanner copier cannot get print need different cable	Hi. Since you're able to scan and print using the cable, there's no need for you to get a different one. 
work hp envy 7645	Yes, it will.
total size picturesboarder thsi film	Actual size of picture is 3"X3"; total size of each film including the border is 3 1/2" by 4 1/4"
polaroid sun 600 bacially telling us updated film cmera granddaughter wanted use aug wedding	I honestly don't know. I have had a hard time finding the film and both batches I have purchased have been defective in some way. 
buy film store somewhere	Yes, there's photo stores where you can purchase them in your city, but they're always going for a lot more. You'll at least pay 50% more than what you'd pay online, I know from experience.
expiration date film guarantees quality film	The film was officially discontinued by Polaroid in 2012. Polaroid absolutely does not guarantee outdated film since they no longer sell it and the fact that someone will sell an outdated product that is unlikely to work, at an exorbitant price tells you about their integrity.
expiration date	I don't think Poloroid film is being made any more. The only Polaroid film available, is expired. Isn't this true?
film work sx70 camera	I don't know but it works on mine which is a QPS IMPULSE.
film expiration date 102008 making five years old sold without disclousre return	Hi, thanks for your question. I'm so sorry you received expired film You can visit our Online Returns Center which guides you through the process and gives you a printable return mailing label:
realize film passed expiration date would please kind tell date	July 2012
work kindle	The headphones have a 3.5mm jack and works well with other tablets and pc. I would assume it will work for a kindle
dual volume control	no, one knob adjusts both sides
volume control headphones	they do have a volume control, I use mine for my metal detector, great phones
stereo koss site says stereo mono switch someone confirm photo clearly shows mono jack	Yes they are stereo and there is a stereo/mono switch. How did you determine that is a mono jack?
good children	Such a loaded question... However...They are a little on the heavy side, and the cups are a little big. They also grip kind of tightly. Probably a bit much for 5 and under.
elizabeth lee sold us expired film $5430 pack purchased polaroid 600 instant color exp date 2012	I spent way way WAY over $54.30 and the expiration date was 2009. They refused to refund the money. In all fairness, it was not Elizabeth Lee that sold the film to me. 
coiled cord user replaceable $100 sennheiser headphones dead nonreplaceable cord failed	On this pair its not replaceable. Head sets that have the cord that comes off have a large plastic end that connects like a cb mike.
looks like strap goes top one's head relatively thin would able weat hat lawn mowing	Yeah. I wear a ball cap to every nascar race I wear these head phones too. 
good mowing	I would assume so... I only use them at nascar races. Work real well
fits polaroid instant camera 636 closeup	The film fits perfect. The pictures came out smugged and runny looking. Very dissapointing
would noise canceling run battery iphone place aa batteries	These do not have active noise cancelling (which would need power). Instead they have passive sound insulation. They are quite effective. 
warranty	FOREVER!
use open macbook pro retina	Hi Nasser. This device doesn't have any compatibility list so as long as you need to open up a computer's hard drive or magnetic media, you can use it. 
tools kit small enough replace laptop hard drive thanks	Yes, they are.
use disassemble iphone ipod touch	Yes you could. The flathead could seperate the clips from shell and body.
compartments spare parts box specific letter specific part thanks	The containers are labeled, each with a letter. I don't think they mean anything. I just use them for different types of screws.
come belkins life time warranty	Not sure, sorry..
669 polaroid film polaroid timezero sx70 used	i dont know :( sorry
size pictures print regular mini	Regular
type film used camera	600 Polaroid Film. Although it is discontinued, you can use the Impossible Project website to get packs of film (international prices), Urban outfitters sells pack as well.
used polaroid 300 film pif300	I have not used that type of film for my Polaroid but, I'm sure it does.
use batteries anything	No the batteries are in the film cartridge
used macbook	In general, Apple products are not designed to be user serviceable. You will likely run into proprietary screws and fasteners.
prodj200 full size headphones	Hi Eliot! Re: Pro4AA's...they are heavier than possibly what your used to-not cheaply built at all-in fact built to last.
koss pro4aa headphones notice impedance listed 250 ohms high anyone tell poses problems using headphones pc opposed regular stereo amp	I personally don't have any problems with using them with my PC, but since every PC is different at how they output sound it just depends on how much output your PC gives
tested recently work properly	Depending on your lighting, that's how they'll come out but for the most part, the shots are okay, just film is expensive
remove pads pull thank	Takeit easy and pull gently fro the top. They will then Peel off. Opposite to replace them.
could someone please tell comes headphones sort case thank	At the time I purchased these headphones, they didn't come with any accessories.
koss pro4aa sound koss pro4aaa	I will Honestly say I'm not familiar with the Pro4aaa but I WILL SAY the Pro 4AA sound firkin amazing..I have a sony 80 watt and a onkyo 125 watt rms,full volume cant hurt these headphones unless your just that stupid to adjust bass/treble/sound EQ etc...Excellent headphones for price I would recommend this item.
headphones individual volume controls left right	They do NOT!!!! But you can't hurt these headphones with high volumes unless you totally get stupid. I LOVE them.
adapter used iphoneandroid require much power	I actually changed the jack plug to the smaller one so that I don't need an adaptor. You won't blow your eardrums but you will get a good volume.
film	No. It doesn't come with film
work avaya 2410 desktop phone phone dedicated rj11 port headset quick disconnect cable	If you have the right connections on your cable it should work fine. I used my first one on an Avaya phone for several years.
way make hook either 25mm jack 35mm jack	Yes there is you can add a QD to 2.5mm jack Plantronics part # 43038-01&#8206; There's also one for 3.5mm.
use skype calls computer	No this has a qd connection on the end of you want to connect this to the computer you need another adapter from Plantronics like a DA40. Otherwise look at plantronics Blackwire series headsets as they are all usb for computers.
anyone know headset work plantronics amplifier coil cord qd modular plug 2671601	Yes it will but depending on your phone will depend if the cable will work by connecting it directly.
warranty offered headset	limited warranty is two years for defect in the product or its workmanship
amplifier	It provides amplification, volume control and mute functions for the headset.
work nortel networks phone	Beware that it only works using the M22 amplifier...
work older panasonic dbs 743e phone	I had to buy a connector cord to allow me to use as USB for my laptop. I know there are different cords available to help adapt to different phones. 
I koss qz99s volume control shorted twice causing loss channel problem	No, there is no volume control on these phones.
work voip phones	Yes.
anyone working fiio e12 headphone amp working	Unfortunately I have to agree. I have an original pair that's falling apart, so I bought these. First, they are painful if worn longer than 20 minutes.
replacement battery apc 750 upses be750bb 5b0742t06580	Yes it is. Fits fine and works as advertised.
work apc be750bb	That part number is for an APC Back-UPS ES USB 750VA which, per the APC website, uses the RBC4 replacement battery.
apc brand battery	Ms Wunderlich, I'm sorry - I don't really know the true answer to your question. I'd have to tear my whole system (servers, etc.) down to find if it's really the APC brand battery.
52mm filters thread compatable	Of course. yes.
buy color graduated neutral density 06 filter need 06 neutral density filter difference	More than likely not (depending upon the color). But try the color filter out and determine if you need the other one.
use sony nex 5n camera use multiple emount lenses 1855 mm 50 mm 12 mm	Yes, no problem, 52mm will fit nicely.
filter fit canon 60d 52 mm lens	52mm is the thread size. Just simply look on the end of your lens, there should be a circle with a dash through it, that's the filter diameter measurement.
extinction ratio filter	Hello. I'm not sure what you're referring to with the "extinction ratio" of the filter. If you are perhaps referring to the filter factor - i.e. the amount of f-stop exposure compensation when using the filter with a manual exposure camera or light meter - I believe for this particular filter that value is 1. 
underwater	This lens has no problem to be underwater if your camera has an underwater case.
thread screwon mounted optech usa 0701521 filter cap 52mm top filter bought optech usa filter cap	These filters are threaded Male by female, so one end has 52mm male threads (camera lens side), and the other end is 52mm female threads ( so you can stack another filter in front for special effects)
work apc backups 650 model bk650mus give model description according apc website model takes rbc4 battery I little confused	It will work on your unit...
ordered lens today order confirmation states delivered june 11th sometime august true	Nicola- I would not think it should take that long. I don't see this order in my system so you must have ordered from someone else.
buy color graduated neutral density 06 filter need 06 neutral density filter difference	More than likely not (depending upon the color). But try the color filter out and determine if you need the other one.
52mm filters thread compatable	Of course. yes.
extinction ratio filter	Hello. I'm not sure what you're referring to with the "extinction ratio" of the filter. If you are perhaps referring to the filter factor - i.e. the amount of f-stop exposure compensation when using the filter with a manual exposure camera or light meter - I believe for this particular filter that value is 1.
filter fit canon 60d 52 mm lens	52mm is the thread size. Just simply look on the end of your lens, there should be a circle with a dash through it, that's the filter diameter measurement.
underwater	This lens has no problem to be underwater if your camera has an underwater case.
use sony nex 5n camera use multiple emount lenses 1855 mm 50 mm 12 mm	Yes, no problem, 52mm will fit nicely.
apc oem battery clear reading reviews	No
thread screwon mounted optech usa 0701521 filter cap 52mm top filter bought optech usa filter cap	These filters are threaded Male by female, so one end has 52mm male threads (camera lens side), and the other end is 52mm female threads ( so you can stack another filter in front for special effects)
52mm filters thread compatable	Of course. yes.
ordered lens today order confirmation states delivered june 11th sometime august true	Nicola- I would not think it should take that long. I don't see this order in my system so you must have ordered from someone else.
buy color graduated neutral density 06 filter need 06 neutral density filter difference	More than likely not (depending upon the color). But try the color filter out and determine if you need the other one.
underwater	This lens has no problem to be underwater if your camera has an underwater case.
filter fit canon 60d 52 mm lens	52mm is the thread size. Just simply look on the end of your lens, there should be a circle with a dash through it, that's the filter diameter measurement.
thread screwon mounted optech usa 0701521 filter cap 52mm top filter bought optech usa filter cap	These filters are threaded Male by female, so one end has 52mm male threads (camera lens side), and the other end is 52mm female threads ( so you can stack another filter in front for special effects)
use sony nex 5n camera use multiple emount lenses 1855 mm 50 mm 12 mm	Yes, no problem, 52mm will fit nicely.
52mm filters thread compatable	Of course. yes.
ordered lens today order confirmation states delivered june 11th sometime august true	Nicola- I would not think it should take that long. I don't see this order in my system so you must have ordered from someone else.
use sony nex 5n camera use multiple emount lenses 1855 mm 50 mm 12 mm	Yes, no problem, 52mm will fit nicely.
buy color graduated neutral density 06 filter need 06 neutral density filter difference	More than likely not (depending upon the color). But try the color filter out and determine if you need the other one.
extinction ratio filter	Hello. I'm not sure what you're referring to with the "extinction ratio" of the filter.
thread screwon mounted optech usa 0701521 filter cap 52mm top filter bought optech usa filter cap	These filters are threaded Male by female, so one end has 52mm male threads (camera lens side), and the other end is 52mm female threads ( so you can stack another filter in front for special effects)
ordered lens today order confirmation states delivered june 11th sometime august true	Nicola- I would not think it should take that long. I don't see this order in my system so you must have ordered from someone else.
underwater	This lens has no problem to be underwater if your camera has an underwater case.
52mm filters thread compatable	Of course. yes.
buy color graduated neutral density 06 filter need 06 neutral density filter difference	More than likely not (depending upon the color). But try the color filter out and determine if you need the other one.
extinction ratio filter	Hello. I'm not sure what you're referring to with the "extinction ratio" of the filter.
use sony nex 5n camera use multiple emount lenses 1855 mm 50 mm 12 mm	Yes, no problem, 52mm will fit nicely.
filter fit canon 60d 52 mm lens	52mm is the thread size. Just simply look on the end of your lens, there should be a circle with a dash through it, that's the filter diameter measurement.
extinction ratio filter	Hello. I'm not sure what you're referring to with the "extinction ratio" of the filter.
filter fit canon 60d 52 mm lens	52mm is the thread size. Just simply look on the end of your lens, there should be a circle with a dash through it, that's the filter diameter measurement.
ordered lens today order confirmation states delivered june 11th sometime august true	Nicola- I would not think it should take that long. I don't see this order in my system so you must have ordered from someone else.
underwater	This lens has no problem to be underwater if your camera has an underwater case.
screw hood filter	Yes you can...
filtered threaded	Yes it is, it screws right on the front of lens. Just don't tighten too much because it will be hard to remove
filters made	MADE IN USA
beginning take photography classes wondering buying polarizer versus hoya double expense	I am a professional photographer and I use the Tiffen polarizer and it works great.
work nikon af5 nikkor 1755mm 128 ged nikon d7100 also 28300 lens af5 nikkor filter need one	For Nikon 17-55 you need 77 mm filter. You can use the same filter for 28-300 as well.
stock canon lens cap fit 58 mm filter	I believe so. Mine is 62 (Tarman) & 67 (canon) they all fit perfectly. it is an industry standard.
circular support rings made plastic metal	Metal &#128077;
thread screwon mounted optech usa 0701521 filter cap 52mm top filter bought optech usa filter cap	These filters are threaded Male by female, so one end has 52mm male threads (camera lens side), and the other end is 52mm female threads ( so you can stack another filter in front for special effects)
need buy uv filter polarizer filter polarizer filter take care uv filtering	I am no expert, but what I do know is that the polarizer makes my shots much better than without it. It is like wearing sunglasses, when you take them off, the colors are just not as vivid.
screw hood filter	Yes you can...
beginning take photography classes wondering buying polarizer versus hoya double expense	I am a professional photographer and I use the Tiffen polarizer and it works great. 
filtered threaded	Yes it is, it screws right on the front of lens. Just don't tighten too much because it will be hard to remove
filters made	MADE IN USA
work nikon af5 nikkor 1755mm 128 ged nikon d7100 also 28300 lens af5 nikkor filter need one	For Nikon 17-55 you need 77 mm filter. You can use the same filter for 28-300 as well.
stock canon lens cap fit 58 mm filter	I believe so. Mine is 62 (Tarman) & 67 (canon) they all fit perfectly. it is an industry standard.
fits nikon d5300 dslr 1855mm	No-one can answer that precisely from the information given - as there's more than one model of Nikon 18-55 mm lens. You probably need the 52mm size - not the 55 mm one - but look at the front of the lens & you will see the filter size clearly marked - or measure the diameter of the front of the lens using a ruler; the sizes in the vicinity concerned run from 46, 52, 55,58,62, 72 etc.
need buy uv filter polarizer filter polarizer filter take care uv filtering	I am no expert, but what I do know is that the polarizer makes my shots much better than without it. It is like wearing sunglasses, when you take them off, the colors are just not as vivid.
filter get someone tell filters please	The size for your standard lense is 58mm, so that's the diameter filter you want to buy for you 18-55mm lense
work 55200mm kit lens	It depends on the diameter of the lens where the threads are for attaching filters. I'd guess that a zoom of that size has a larger diameter than the 58mm filter.
filter color cast neutral	Neutral
fit nikon 1855mm lens 55300 lens	Check the lens to see what size filter they require!
glass filter httpwwwamazoncomtiffencircular	Yes, it is. Good quality, too.
fits nikon d5300 dslr 1855mm	No-one can answer that precisely from the information given - as there's more than one model of Nikon 18-55 mm lens.
mostly film cameras digital I using mostly protection would cheaper tiffens suffice whats difference	In general a color conversion (warm or cooling) filter is just that regardless of camera or lens it is placed in front of. 
fit canon 510 cmaera	Hello Judy, I know nothing about your camera but in this case camera is irrelevant. What you will need to know is 1.
circular support rings made plastic metal	Metal &#128077;
using filter much compensate lens opening	No compensation on this filter
hav 3100d nikon camera 55300 lens work	Not sure what the real question is. A 55-300 is 58mm and the filter in question is 58mm-yes those can go together. The camera is immaterial.
jmv e207 album refills many sheets package	5 sheets, 10 sides
dimensions pages I trying find refills old hallmark album whose pages roughly 12x12	The actual dimensions of the pages we purchased are 12" X 15"
far apart peg holes trying find album cover old scrapbook pages	The two holes spaced 7-1/4" apart.
many refills total sheets pages comfortably fit one albums	I've used up to thirty sheets in one of these big albums, and it IS a heavy beast to carry around! I would probably limit the size to around twenty sheets, and divide the collection between two or more such albums next time. 
many sheets come one pack	10 inserts for 20 pages
purchased pioneer largest post bound magnetic page photo album holds 20 115 x 16 photos refill pack work	I am sure it will, but the problem is getting the album apart & putting it back together.
pages acidfree magnetic albums 70's led faded yellowed pages	Don't know but you can call the company. I am pleased with the pages.
fit mp46 I I would love stick magnetic pages middle book	I really don't know.
question tiffen 58mm color graduated neutral density 06 filter rotate lens since graduated	No
52mm filters thread compatable	Of course. yes.
buy color graduated neutral density 06 filter need 06 neutral density filter difference	More than likely not (depending upon the color). But try the color filter out and determine if you need the other one.
use sony nex 5n camera use multiple emount lenses 1855 mm 50 mm 12 mm	Yes, no problem, 52mm will fit nicely.
filter fit canon 60d 52 mm lens	52mm is the thread size. Just simply look on the end of your lens, there should be a circle with a dash through it, that's the filter diameter measurement.
extinction ratio filter	Hello. I'm not sure what you're referring to with the "extinction ratio" of the filter. If you are perhaps referring to the filter factor - i.e. the amount of f-stop exposure compensation when using the filter with a manual exposure camera or light meter - I believe for this particular filter that value is 1.
underwater	This lens has no problem to be underwater if your camera has an underwater case.
11 x 13 picture fit page magnetic page safe color picture 25 years old thanks	Yes it will. I specifically got this album for odd sized photographs, and larger oddd sized and shaped drawings that friends draw for me. I would say that color pic in here would be fine.
thread screwon mounted optech usa 0701521 filter cap 52mm top filter bought optech usa filter cap	These filters are threaded Male by female, so one end has 52mm male threads (camera lens side), and the other end is 52mm female threads ( so you can stack another filter in front for special effects)
ordered lens today order confirmation states delivered june 11th sometime august true	Nicola- I would not think it should take that long. I don't see this order in my system so you must have ordered from someone else. 
many come	10
work 55200mm kit lens	It depends on the diameter of the lens where the threads are for attaching filters. I'd guess that a zoom of that size has a larger diameter than the 58mm filter. 
glass filter httpwwwamazoncomtiffencircular	Yes, it is. Good quality, too.
filter get someone tell filters please	The size for your standard lense is 58mm, so that's the diameter filter you want to buy for you 18-55mm lense
fit nikon 1855mm lens 55300 lens	Check the lens to see what size filter they require!
mostly film cameras digital I using mostly protection would cheaper tiffens suffice whats difference	In general a color conversion (warm or cooling) filter is just that regardless of camera or lens it is placed in front of.
using filter much compensate lens opening	No compensation on this filter
hav 3100d nikon camera 55300 lens work	Not sure what the real question is. A 55-300 is 58mm and the filter in question is 58mm-yes those can go together. The camera is immaterial.
fit canon 510 cmaera	Hello Judy, I know nothing about your camera but in this case camera is irrelevant. What you will need to know is 1. 
question tiffen 58mm color graduated neutral density 06 filter rotate lens since graduated	No
work 55200mm kit lens	It depends on the diameter of the lens where the threads are for attaching filters. I'd guess that a zoom of that size has a larger diameter than the 58mm filter.
filter color cast neutral	Neutral
fit nikon 1855mm lens 55300 lens	Check the lens to see what size filter they require!
glass filter httpwwwamazoncomtiffencircular	Yes, it is. Good quality, too.
fit canon 510 cmaera	Hello Judy, I know nothing about your camera but in this case camera is irrelevant. What you will need to know is 1.
using filter much compensate lens opening	No compensation on this filter
hav 3100d nikon camera 55300 lens work	Not sure what the real question is. A 55-300 is 58mm and the filter in question is 58mm-yes those can go together. The camera is immaterial.
filter get someone tell filters please	The size for your standard lense is 58mm, so that's the diameter filter you want to buy for you 18-55mm lense
question tiffen 58mm color graduated neutral density 06 filter rotate lens since graduated	No
beginning take photography classes wondering buying polarizer versus hoya double expense	I am a professional photographer and I use the Tiffen polarizer and it works great. 
need buy uv filter polarizer filter polarizer filter take care uv filtering	I am no expert, but what I do know is that the polarizer makes my shots much better than without it. It is like wearing sunglasses, when you take them off, the colors are just not as vivid. It also helps cut the haze for shots that include sky.
screw hood filter	Yes you can...
mostly film cameras digital I using mostly protection would cheaper tiffens suffice whats difference	In general a color conversion (warm or cooling) filter is just that regardless of camera or lens it is placed in front of. 
filter color cast neutral	Neutral
filtered threaded	Yes it is, it screws right on the front of lens. Just don't tighten too much because it will be hard to remove
filters made	MADE IN USA
work nikon af5 nikkor 1755mm 128 ged nikon d7100 also 28300 lens af5 nikkor filter need one	For Nikon 17-55 you need 77 mm filter. You can use the same filter for 28-300 as well.
stock canon lens cap fit 58 mm filter	I believe so. Mine is 62 (Tarman) & 67 (canon) they all fit perfectly. it is an industry standard.
circular support rings made plastic metal	Metal &#128077;
use sony nex 5n camera use multiple emount lenses 1855 mm 50 mm 12 mm	Yes, no problem, 52mm will fit nicely.
extinction ratio filter	Hello. I'm not sure what you're referring to with the "extinction ratio" of the filter. 
filter fit canon 60d 52 mm lens	52mm is the thread size. Just simply look on the end of your lens, there should be a circle with a dash through it, that's the filter diameter measurement.
underwater	This lens has no problem to be underwater if your camera has an underwater case.
thread screwon mounted optech usa 0701521 filter cap 52mm top filter bought optech usa filter cap	These filters are threaded Male by female, so one end has 52mm male threads (camera lens side), and the other end is 52mm female threads ( so you can stack another filter in front for special effects)
fits nikon d5300 dslr 1855mm	No-one can answer that precisely from the information given - as there's more than one model of Nikon 18-55 mm lens.
buy color graduated neutral density 06 filter need 06 neutral density filter difference	More than likely not (depending upon the color). But try the color filter out and determine if you need the other one.
ordered lens today order confirmation states delivered june 11th sometime august true	Nicola- I would not think it should take that long. 
beginning take photography classes wondering buying polarizer versus hoya double expense	I am a professional photographer and I use the Tiffen polarizer and it works great.
screw hood filter	Yes you can...
need buy uv filter polarizer filter polarizer filter take care uv filtering	I am no expert, but what I do know is that the polarizer makes my shots much better than without it. It is like wearing sunglasses, when you take them off, the colors are just not as vivid.
filtered threaded	Yes it is, it screws right on the front of lens. Just don't tighten too much because it will be hard to remove
52mm filters thread compatable	Of course. yes.
stock canon lens cap fit 58 mm filter	I believe so. Mine is 62 (Tarman) & 67 (canon) they all fit perfectly. it is an industry standard.
circular support rings made plastic metal	Metal &#128077;
made glass	According to Tiffen's product brochure their manufacturing "...process entails permanently laminating the filter material in between two pieces of optical glass ..."
screw right lens without using adaptor	yes... right on the lens.... its just a simple protector for your expensive lens. I totally recomend it for ALL your lenses!! Good luck! Happy New Year
work nikon af5 nikkor 1755mm 128 ged nikon d7100 also 28300 lens af5 nikkor filter need one	For Nikon 17-55 you need 77 mm filter. You can use the same filter for 28-300 as well.
fit 24 104 canon ef lens	No, the 24-105 will take a 77mm filter. I actually have a tiffen filter on my 24-105, it works fine, but you will get ghosting, or lens flare from time to time, just watch how closely you shoot to any lights and you will be fine.
fit panasonic lumix dmc fz200 lens	don't buy this uncoated filter. ghosts. I bought it, never used it, never bother to return to amazon.
nikon p510 know size lens need anyone know	I could not find the size in mm that I needed for my Nikon 3200 so I looked in the instruction book and found what size each lens needed. Try to look it up because these protection filters are a must. I dropped my Nikon D90 and the only thing that shattered was the protection filter. The expensive lens was saved with not a scratch on it.
would filter work canon ef 50mm f18 ii	Yes sir. http://www.tiffen.com/canon_lens_to_filter_chart.html
canon sx30 wich size recomended	I could not find the filter size in any of the Canon documentation. On a forum I read it is a bayonet mount, which means you need a converter to fit filters. 
filter fit nikon 70300mm f456g af nikkor slr camera lens	No, i believe that you need a 62mm filter. check the front element of your lens.
works sony a5000 lens sel1855	52mm on a lens Filter represents the diameter. There will me a mark on your lens that should tell you what size filter fits your lens.
filter attach lens screw	The answer to this is yes it does screw onto the front of your lens. I apology for lacking that detail.
made glass	According to Tiffen's product brochure their manufacturing "...process entails permanently laminating the filter material in between two pieces of optical glass ..."
filters made	MADE IN USA
nikon p510 know size lens need anyone know	I could not find the size in mm that I needed for my Nikon 3200 so I looked in the instruction book and found what size each lens needed. Try to look it up because these protection filters are a must.
fit panasonic lumix dmc fz200 lens	don't buy this uncoated filter. ghosts. I bought it, never used it, never bother to return to amazon.
fit 24 104 canon ef lens	No, the 24-105 will take a 77mm filter. I actually have a tiffen filter on my 24-105, it works fine, but you will get ghosting, or lens flare from time to time, just watch how closely you shoot to any lights and you will be fine.
would filter work canon ef 50mm f18 ii	Yes sir. http://www.tiffen.com/canon_lens_to_filter_chart.html
filter attach lens screw	The answer to this is yes it does screw onto the front of your lens. I apology for lacking that detail.
canon sx30 wich size recomended	I could not find the filter size in any of the Canon documentation. On a forum I read it is a bayonet mount, which means you need a converter to fit filters.
52mm filters thread compatable	Of course. yes.
screw right lens without using adaptor	yes... right on the lens.... its just a simple protector for your expensive lens. I totally recomend it for ALL your lenses!! Good luck! Happy New Year
filter fit nikon 70300mm f456g af nikkor slr camera lens	No, i believe that you need a 62mm filter. check the front element of your lens.
works sony a5000 lens sel1855	52mm on a lens Filter represents the diameter. There will me a mark on your lens that should tell you what size filter fits your lens. 
buy color graduated neutral density 06 filter need 06 neutral density filter difference	More than likely not (depending upon the color). But try the color filter out and determine if you need the other one.
use sony nex 5n camera use multiple emount lenses 1855 mm 50 mm 12 mm	Yes, no problem, 52mm will fit nicely.
thread screwon mounted optech usa 0701521 filter cap 52mm top filter bought optech usa filter cap	These filters are threaded Male by female, so one end has 52mm male threads (camera lens side), and the other end is 52mm female threads ( so you can stack another filter in front for special effects)
ordered lens today order confirmation states delivered june 11th sometime august true	Nicola- I would not think it should take that long. I don't see this order in my system so you must have ordered from someone else. 
filter fit canon 60d 52 mm lens	52mm is the thread size. Just simply look on the end of your lens, there should be a circle with a dash through it, that's the filter diameter measurement.
many stops annoying 9 means nothing	It can be a bit mystical. In this case, it's 3 stops.
stacking filters affect sharpness	I would not stack more than 2 filters. There probably won't be any effect on sharpness, but you could get vignetting depending in the lens. Try it, if it works fo9r you, it's OK.
want shoot partial solar eclipse couple weeks would strong enough protect camera stack	I'd go with a much stronger filter. 1.8 maybe. Don't stack you'll just be begging for light scatter shooting in to a light source like that.
nikon lenses	It's going to work on any lens. I bought the 67mm and use Nikon lenses. It would work on Canon, Sigma etc as well. Just be sure to get the size you need.
extinction ratio filter	Hello. I'm not sure what you're referring to with the "extinction ratio" of the filter. If you are perhaps referring to the filter factor - i.e. the amount of f-stop exposure compensation when using the filter with a manual exposure camera or light meter - I believe for this particular filter that value is 1.
need size fits tamron 18 x 200 lens tell order	Either Google it or look in the manual that came with your lens. Sorry, that's all I got.
fit canon rebel t3i	the filter does not fit on the camera, it fits on the lens... so, if you are using a 58mm lens with your T3i, the filter will fit ;o)
kind filter good sunset	I would think that a graduated neutral density filter would be better for sunsets.
filter fit olympus fourthirds lens 58 mm	I have never owned an Olympus camera, but if you buy a filter with the correct diameter I can't see why it shouldn't mount on the lens
filter good long exposure shots night pictures stars	Have not used it for that. However, I use it during the brightest parts of the day so I can shoot wide-open at times.
nd filters useful digital camcorders	Sorry do not know how it would work with a digital camcorder. I only use a DSLR and rarely use movie mode. The ND works very well with decreased shutter speeds on my DSLR for effects such as blurring the running water on streams and to cut down the glare on sunny days. 
filter threaded sides stack polarizer filter	Yes.
filter come protective case	If you consider the case it comes packaged in to provide "protection," then yes. Although it's not like it's fixed in place. It slides around, but I trust it.
anyone using portraits outdoors sharpness excessive color cast shooting people	I've used it extensively. Skin tones still look spot on and I don't have any sharpness issues which would show up because the Fuji 56mm I use it on is extremely sharp so I was worried about that.
underwater	This lens has no problem to be underwater if your camera has an underwater case.
kind filter good sunset	I would think that a graduated neutral density filter would be better for sunsets.
nd filters useful digital camcorders	Sorry do not know how it would work with a digital camcorder. I only use a DSLR and rarely use movie mode. The ND works very well with decreased shutter speeds on my DSLR for effects such as blurring the running water on streams and to cut down the glare on sunny days. 
graduated graduated nd filter solid	It's solid
filter good long exposure shots night pictures stars	Have not used it for that. However, I use it during the brightest parts of the day so I can shoot wide-open at times.
filter threaded sides stack polarizer filter	Yes.
filter come protective case	If you consider the case it comes packaged in to provide "protection," then yes. Although it's not like it's fixed in place. It slides around, but I trust it.
glass filter	yes
glass filter	yes
hi difference exposure graduated regions filter 2 stops	Yes I believe that it is about 2 stops. This filter is not "graduated" where it it's clear and goes to ND across the glass.
hi difference exposure graduated regions filter 2 stops	Yes I believe that it is about 2 stops. This filter is not "graduated" where it it's clear and goes to ND across the glass. The whole glass is ND and dark. 
use sony nex 5n camera use multiple emount lenses 1855 mm 50 mm 12 mm	Yes, no problem, 52mm will fit nicely.
filter fit canon 60d 52 mm lens	52mm is the thread size. Just simply look on the end of your lens, there should be a circle with a dash through it, that's the filter diameter measurement.
extinction ratio filter	Hello. I'm not sure what you're referring to with the "extinction ratio" of the filter. 
buy color graduated neutral density 06 filter need 06 neutral density filter difference	More than likely not (depending upon the color). But try the color filter out and determine if you need the other one.
underwater	This lens has no problem to be underwater if your camera has an underwater case.
thread screwon mounted optech usa 0701521 filter cap 52mm top filter bought optech usa filter cap	These filters are threaded Male by female, so one end has 52mm male threads (camera lens side), and the other end is 52mm female threads ( so you can stack another filter in front for special effects)
ordered lens today order confirmation states delivered june 11th sometime august true	Nicola- I would not think it should take that long. I don't see this order in my system so you must have ordered from someone else. Hope this helps. Lori at Polygraphics Products
graduated graduated nd filter solid	It's solid
fit nikon 1855mm lens 55300 lens	Check the lens to see what size filter they require!
filter get someone tell filters please	The size for your standard lense is 58mm, so that's the diameter filter you want to buy for you 18-55mm lense
glass filter httpwwwamazoncomtiffencircular	Yes, it is. Good quality, too.
mostly film cameras digital I using mostly protection would cheaper tiffens suffice whats difference	In general a color conversion (warm or cooling) filter is just that regardless of camera or lens it is placed in front of. I sometimes use it when taking shots of sunsets/sunrises with my D7000.
fit canon 510 cmaera	Hello Judy, I know nothing about your camera but in this case camera is irrelevant. What you will need to know is 1. What size your lens that the filter will mount to is-in this case 58mm? Does your lens allow the filter to even screw on or have a way to attach itself. Cheers.
using filter much compensate lens opening	No compensation on this filter
hav 3100d nikon camera 55300 lens work	Not sure what the real question is. A 55-300 is 58mm and the filter in question is 58mm-yes those can go together. The camera is immaterial.
work 55200mm kit lens	It depends on the diameter of the lens where the threads are for attaching filters. I'd guess that a zoom of that size has a larger diameter than the 58mm filter. 
filter color cast neutral	Neutral
screw hood filter	Yes you can...
filtered threaded	Yes it is, it screws right on the front of lens. Just don't tighten too much because it will be hard to remove
filters made	MADE IN USA
need buy uv filter polarizer filter polarizer filter take care uv filtering	I am no expert, but what I do know is that the polarizer makes my shots much better than without it. It is like wearing sunglasses, when you take them off, the colors are just not as vivid. It also helps cut the haze for shots that include sky.
work nikon af5 nikkor 1755mm 128 ged nikon d7100 also 28300 lens af5 nikkor filter need one	For Nikon 17-55 you need 77 mm filter. You can use the same filter for 28-300 as well.
stock canon lens cap fit 58 mm filter	I believe so. Mine is 62 (Tarman) & 67 (canon) they all fit perfectly. it is an industry standard.
question tiffen 58mm color graduated neutral density 06 filter rotate lens since graduated	No
beginning take photography classes wondering buying polarizer versus hoya double expense	I am a professional photographer and I use the Tiffen polarizer and it works great. 
filter get someone tell filters please	The size for your standard lense is 58mm, so that's the diameter filter you want to buy for you 18-55mm lense
filter color cast neutral	Neutral
fit nikon 1855mm lens 55300 lens	Check the lens to see what size filter they require!
glass filter httpwwwamazoncomtiffencircular	Yes, it is. Good quality, too.
work 55200mm kit lens	It depends on the diameter of the lens where the threads are for attaching filters. I'd guess that a zoom of that size has a larger diameter than the 58mm filter. 
fit canon 510 cmaera	Hello Judy, I know nothing about your camera but in this case camera is irrelevant. What you will need to know is 1. What size your lens that the filter will mount to is-in this case 58mm? Does your lens allow the filter to even screw on or have a way to attach itself. Cheers.
mostly film cameras digital I using mostly protection would cheaper tiffens suffice whats difference	In general a color conversion (warm or cooling) filter is just that regardless of camera or lens it is placed in front of.
using filter much compensate lens opening	No compensation on this filter
hav 3100d nikon camera 55300 lens work	Not sure what the real question is. A 55-300 is 58mm and the filter in question is 58mm-yes those can go together. The camera is immaterial.
work 55200mm kit lens	It depends on the diameter of the lens where the threads are for attaching filters. I'd guess that a zoom of that size has a larger diameter than the 58mm filter. 
filter get someone tell filters please	The size for your standard lense is 58mm, so that's the diameter filter you want to buy for you 18-55mm lense
filter color cast neutral	Neutral
circular support rings made plastic metal	Metal &#128077;
fit nikon 1855mm lens 55300 lens	Check the lens to see what size filter they require!
glass filter httpwwwamazoncomtiffencircular	Yes, it is. Good quality, too.
mostly film cameras digital I using mostly protection would cheaper tiffens suffice whats difference	In general a color conversion (warm or cooling) filter is just that regardless of camera or lens it is placed in front of.
question tiffen 58mm color graduated neutral density 06 filter rotate lens since graduated	No
made glass	According to Tiffen's product brochure their manufacturing "...process entails permanently laminating the filter material in between two pieces of optical glass ..."
screw right lens without using adaptor	yes... right on the lens.... its just a simple protector for your expensive lens. I totally recomend it for ALL your lenses!! Good luck! Happy New Year
fit 24 104 canon ef lens	No, the 24-105 will take a 77mm filter. I actually have a tiffen filter on my 24-105, it works fine, but you will get ghosting, or lens flare from time to time, just watch how closely you shoot to any lights and you will be fine.
nikon p510 know size lens need anyone know	I could not find the size in mm that I needed for my Nikon 3200 so I looked in the instruction book and found what size each lens needed.
using filter much compensate lens opening	No compensation on this filter
fit panasonic lumix dmc fz200 lens	don't buy this uncoated filter. ghosts. I bought it, never used it, never bother to return to amazon.
fit canon 510 cmaera	Hello Judy, I know nothing about your camera but in this case camera is irrelevant. What you will need to know is 1.
hav 3100d nikon camera 55300 lens work	Not sure what the real question is. A 55-300 is 58mm and the filter in question is 58mm-yes those can go together. The camera is immaterial.
would filter work canon ef 50mm f18 ii	Yes sir. http://www.tiffen.com/canon_lens_to_filter_chart.html
works sony a5000 lens sel1855	52mm on a lens Filter represents the diameter. There will me a mark on your lens that should tell you what size filter fits your lens. it should be near the base and be right next to an 0 with a line through it. hope that is helpful.
kind filter good sunset	I would think that a graduated neutral density filter would be better for sunsets.
filter fit nikon 70300mm f456g af nikkor slr camera lens	No, i believe that you need a 62mm filter. check the front element of your lens.
nd filters useful digital camcorders	Sorry do not know how it would work with a digital camcorder. I only use a DSLR and rarely use movie mode. 
filter good long exposure shots night pictures stars	Have not used it for that. However, I use it during the brightest parts of the day so I can shoot wide-open at times.
filter threaded sides stack polarizer filter	Yes.
filter come protective case	If you consider the case it comes packaged in to provide "protection," then yes. Although it's not like it's fixed in place. It slides around, but I trust it.
glass filter	yes
canon sx30 wich size recomended	I could not find the filter size in any of the Canon documentation. On a forum I read it is a bayonet mount, which means you need a converter to fit filters.
filter attach lens screw	The answer to this is yes it does screw onto the front of your lens. I apology for lacking that detail.
hi difference exposure graduated regions filter 2 stops	Yes I believe that it is about 2 stops. This filter is not "graduated" where it it's clear and goes to ND across the glass. The whole glass is ND and dark. It does very well cutting down some of the light and allowing you to use a slower shutter speed. I have been happy with it so far.
graduated graduated nd filter solid	It's solid
need buy uv filter polarizer filter polarizer filter take care uv filtering	I am no expert, but what I do know is that the polarizer makes my shots much better than without it.
beginning take photography classes wondering buying polarizer versus hoya double expense	I am a professional photographer and I use the Tiffen polarizer and it works great.
screw hood filter	Yes you can...
filtered threaded	Yes it is, it screws right on the front of lens. Just don't tighten too much because it will be hard to remove
stock canon lens cap fit 58 mm filter	I believe so. Mine is 62 (Tarman) & 67 (canon) they all fit perfectly. it is an industry standard.
circular support rings made plastic metal	Metal &#128077;
fits nikon d5300 dslr 1855mm	No-one can answer that precisely from the information given - as there's more than one model of Nikon 18-55 mm lens. 
work 55200mm kit lens	It depends on the diameter of the lens where the threads are for attaching filters. I'd guess that a zoom of that size has a larger diameter than the 58mm filter.
work nikon af5 nikkor 1755mm 128 ged nikon d7100 also 28300 lens af5 nikkor filter need one	For Nikon 17-55 you need 77 mm filter. You can use the same filter for 28-300 as well.
filter multicoated anti reflection	Let me quote Tiffen (go to their website's FAQ section): "The Tiffen Circular Polarizer is not multicoated at all. We used to carry TMC (Tiffen multicoated) filters but found no significant difference in their light transmission and also that the coating could be easily damaged, resulting in poorer performance. In any case, multicoating is a proprietary process, and we seriously doubt that any lens or filter manufacturer will tell you the exact nature and composition of their coating layers."
filter get someone tell filters please	The size for your standard lense is 58mm, so that's the diameter filter you want to buy for you 18-55mm lense
filter color cast neutral	Neutral
filters made	MADE IN USA
fit nikon 1855mm lens 55300 lens	Check the lens to see what size filter they require!
glass filter httpwwwamazoncomtiffencircular	Yes, it is. Good quality, too.
hav 3100d nikon camera 55300 lens work	Not sure what the real question is. A 55-300 is 58mm and the filter in question is 58mm-yes those can go together. The camera is immaterial.
question tiffen 58mm color graduated neutral density 06 filter rotate lens since graduated	No
using filter much compensate lens opening	No compensation on this filter
mostly film cameras digital I using mostly protection would cheaper tiffens suffice whats difference	In general a color conversion (warm or cooling) filter is just that regardless of camera or lens it is placed in front of. I sometimes use it when taking shots of sunsets/sunrises with my D7000.
made glass	According to Tiffen's product brochure their manufacturing "...process entails permanently laminating the filter material in between two pieces of optical glass ..."
screw right lens without using adaptor	yes... right on the lens.... its just a simple protector for your expensive lens. I totally recomend it for ALL your lenses!! Good luck! Happy New Year
fit 24 104 canon ef lens	No, the 24-105 will take a 77mm filter. I actually have a tiffen filter on my 24-105, it works fine, but you will get ghosting, or lens flare from time to time, just watch how closely you shoot to any lights and you will be fine.
nikon p510 know size lens need anyone know	I could not find the size in mm that I needed for my Nikon 3200 so I looked in the instruction book and found what size each lens needed.
fit panasonic lumix dmc fz200 lens	don't buy this uncoated filter. ghosts. I bought it, never used it, never bother to return to amazon.
fit canon 510 cmaera	Hello Judy, I know nothing about your camera but in this case camera is irrelevant. What you will need to know is 1. What size your lens that the filter will mount to is-in this case 58mm? Does your lens allow the filter to even screw on or have a way to attach itself. Cheers.
would filter work canon ef 50mm f18 ii	Yes sir. http://www.tiffen.com/canon_lens_to_filter_chart.html
works sony a5000 lens sel1855	52mm on a lens Filter represents the diameter. There will me a mark on your lens that should tell you what size filter fits your lens. it should be near the base and be right next to an 0 with a line through it. hope that is helpful.
canon sx30 wich size recomended	I could not find the filter size in any of the Canon documentation. On a forum I read it is a bayonet mount, which means you need a converter to fit filters.
work 55200mm kit lens	It depends on the diameter of the lens where the threads are for attaching filters. I'd guess that a zoom of that size has a larger diameter than the 58mm filter. 
filter fit nikon 70300mm f456g af nikkor slr camera lens	No, i believe that you need a 62mm filter. check the front element of your lens.
filter color cast neutral	Neutral
filter get someone tell filters please	The size for your standard lense is 58mm, so that's the diameter filter you want to buy for you 18-55mm lense
fit nikon 1855mm lens 55300 lens	Check the lens to see what size filter they require!
glass filter httpwwwamazoncomtiffencircular	Yes, it is. Good quality, too.
filter attach lens screw	The answer to this is yes it does screw onto the front of your lens. I apology for lacking that detail.
mostly film cameras digital I using mostly protection would cheaper tiffens suffice whats difference	In general a color conversion (warm or cooling) filter is just that regardless of camera or lens it is placed in front of.
question tiffen 58mm color graduated neutral density 06 filter rotate lens since graduated	No
made glass	According to Tiffen's product brochure their manufacturing "...process entails permanently laminating the filter material in between two pieces of optical glass ..."
using filter much compensate lens opening	No compensation on this filter
fit canon 510 cmaera	Hello Judy, I know nothing about your camera but in this case camera is irrelevant. What you will need to know is 1.
screw right lens without using adaptor	yes... right on the lens.... its just a simple protector for your expensive lens. I totally recomend it for ALL your lenses!! Good luck! Happy New Year
fit 24 104 canon ef lens	No, the 24-105 will take a 77mm filter. I actually have a tiffen filter on my 24-105, it works fine, but you will get ghosting, or lens flare from time to time, just watch how closely you shoot to any lights and you will be fine.
fit panasonic lumix dmc fz200 lens	don't buy this uncoated filter. ghosts. I bought it, never used it, never bother to return to amazon.
nikon p510 know size lens need anyone know	I could not find the size in mm that I needed for my Nikon 3200 so I looked in the instruction book and found what size each lens needed.
would filter work canon ef 50mm f18 ii	Yes sir. http://www.tiffen.com/canon_lens_to_filter_chart.html
hav 3100d nikon camera 55300 lens work	Not sure what the real question is. A 55-300 is 58mm and the filter in question is 58mm-yes those can go together. The camera is immaterial.
canon sx30 wich size recomended	I could not find the filter size in any of the Canon documentation. On a forum I read it is a bayonet mount, which means you need a converter to fit filters.
want repurpose old window frame multipicture frame easily removable would glass want change photo size	I have had no problems removing them from non-porous surfaces, though they are not as strong if you intend to reuse them. 
filter attach lens screw	The answer to this is yes it does screw onto the front of your lens. I apology for lacking that detail.
caroline get larger ones	only ones made by Pioneer
works sony a5000 lens sel1855	52mm on a lens Filter represents the diameter. There will me a mark on your lens that should tell you what size filter fits your lens.
would hold multiple sheetsphotos	They are designed to hold one photo, using four stickers, one at each corner. They may stretch to hold multiples, but that may make the adhesive less able to stick to the desired surface.
would corners stick fabric eg regular cotton making collage &amp think fabric back looks nicer	They are light weight and not meant for attaching to fabric. If it were a light weight cotton it might work, but no guarantee.
measurements	Best I could get is 1/2 " across opening and about 3/8 on each side. They are all right, but I really prefer the paper ones that used to be sold. They are larger and hold the photos better especially larger photos. 
use stick photos wall without frame	You could but if there's any humidity in your home the photos might fall off of the wall. Humidity can cause these stickers to lose some of their adhesive strength.
filter fit nikon 70300mm f456g af nikkor slr camera lens	No, i believe that you need a 62mm filter. check the front element of your lens.
use sony nex 5n camera use multiple emount lenses 1855 mm 50 mm 12 mm	Yes, no problem, 52mm will fit nicely.
extinction ratio filter	Hello. I'm not sure what you're referring to with the "extinction ratio" of the filter.
buy color graduated neutral density 06 filter need 06 neutral density filter difference	More than likely not (depending upon the color). But try the color filter out and determine if you need the other one.
filter fit canon 60d 52 mm lens	52mm is the thread size. Just simply look on the end of your lens, there should be a circle with a dash through it, that's the filter diameter measurement.
stick glass wanting give illusion photo floating glass frame matting	I have never tried, but they are quite sturdy; I have used them to hold ticket stubs in a shadow box no problem. They are not "invisible" you can see the tabs at the corner if you are very close .. just fyi .. I just don't want to destroy the ticket stub and it works perfectly.
underwater	This lens has no problem to be underwater if your camera has an underwater case.
thread screwon mounted optech usa 0701521 filter cap 52mm top filter bought optech usa filter cap	These filters are threaded Male by female, so one end has 52mm male threads (camera lens side), and the other end is 52mm female threads ( so you can stack another filter in front for special effects)
52mm filters thread compatable	Of course. yes.
ordered lens today order confirmation states delivered june 11th sometime august true	Nicola- I would not think it should take that long. I don't see this order in my system so you must have ordered from someone else.
52mm filters thread compatable	Of course. yes.
buy color graduated neutral density 06 filter need 06 neutral density filter difference	More than likely not (depending upon the color). But try the color filter out and determine if you need the other one.
underwater	This lens has no problem to be underwater if your camera has an underwater case.
thread screwon mounted optech usa 0701521 filter cap 52mm top filter bought optech usa filter cap	These filters are threaded Male by female, so one end has 52mm male threads (camera lens side), and the other end is 52mm female threads ( so you can stack another filter in front for special effects)
use sony nex 5n camera use multiple emount lenses 1855 mm 50 mm 12 mm	Yes, no problem, 52mm will fit nicely.
filter fit canon 60d 52 mm lens	52mm is the thread size. Just simply look on the end of your lens, there should be a circle with a dash through it, that's the filter diameter measurement.
lens hood included	Hi, Sorry, I don't have a lens hood for this lens. Thanks, Mike
ordered lens today order confirmation states delivered june 11th sometime august true	Nicola- I would not think it should take that long. I don't see this order in my system so you must have ordered from someone else. Hope this helps. Lori at Polygraphics Products
new photography want make sure canon eos 20d use 58mm filters lens work	This lens will fit all cameras with an EOS mount.
please confirm work canon eos rebel 2000 slr 35mm film camera body	The Canon camera I am using with this lens is the Canon EOS Rebel XTI and lens works fine. You should be able to google the use of this lens with the Canon body and see the reviews. I have enjoyed the lens.
auto focus 50d dont want buy find manually focus everything	if its a cannon mount it should but read the tech info for that lens before buying
extinction ratio filter	Hello. I'm not sure what you're referring to with the "extinction ratio" of the filter. If you are perhaps referring to the filter factor - i.e. the amount of f-stop exposure compensation when using the filter with a manual exposure camera or light meter - I believe for this particular filter that value is 1. 
fit ti2	Yes, MakesAGreatPortraitLense
tamrom autofocus 2880mm dslr lens fully compatible dslr rather manual slr	it can be used on both.
lens whatever tamron calls	No.
lens work nikon d600	I don't believe the d600 has an internal focus motor and this lens hasn't got its own motor either. The short answer is no. It will work, as in it will make a photo, but it will be a manual focus on,y lens on this camera body.
work t1i canon	Yes.
lens work nikon d3300	Yes it should
lens work nikon d200 thanks	Yes
lens works nikon d40	I purchased this lens to use as a flexible architecture and portrait lens on my Nikon D90. The lens did not autofocus when on my DSLR, and I had to return it. Good luck!
works d3000 lens autofocus d3000	No not in auto-focus only in manual. I really prefer to focus mine in manual anyway now, just takes a little practice and you will be shooting like a pro in no time.
lens works nikon d40	It will work but will not have auto-focus on the d40. The d40 has no internal auto focus motor and relies on lenses with motors for auto focus. This will auto focus on higher end bodies like the d80, d90, and d7000.
lense work canon eos rebel t3i	Yes, The T3i can use any lens with an EF or EF-S mount.
made glass	According to Tiffen's product brochure their manufacturing "...process entails permanently laminating the filter material in between two pieces of optical glass ..."
fit panasonic lumix dmc fz200 lens	don't buy this uncoated filter. ghosts. I bought it, never used it, never bother to return to amazon.
would filter work canon ef 50mm f18 ii	Yes sir. http://www.tiffen.com/canon_lens_to_filter_chart.html
screw right lens without using adaptor	yes... right on the lens.... its just a simple protector for your expensive lens. I totally recomend it for ALL your lenses!! Good luck! Happy New Year
filter attach lens screw	The answer to this is yes it does screw onto the front of your lens. I apology for lacking that detail.
canon sx30 wich size recomended	I could not find the filter size in any of the Canon documentation. On a forum I read it is a bayonet mount, which means you need a converter to fit filters.
filter fit nikon 70300mm f456g af nikkor slr camera lens	No, i believe that you need a 62mm filter. check the front element of your lens.
works sony a5000 lens sel1855	52mm on a lens Filter represents the diameter. There will me a mark on your lens that should tell you what size filter fits your lens.
nikon p510 know size lens need anyone know	I could not find the size in mm that I needed for my Nikon 3200 so I looked in the instruction book and found what size each lens needed. Try to look it up because these protection filters are a must.
beginning take photography classes wondering buying polarizer versus hoya double expense	I am a professional photographer and I use the Tiffen polarizer and it works great.
screw hood filter	Yes you can...
need buy uv filter polarizer filter polarizer filter take care uv filtering	I am no expert, but what I do know is that the polarizer makes my shots much better than without it. It is like wearing sunglasses, when you take them off, the colors are just not as vivid.
filtered threaded	Yes it is, it screws right on the front of lens. Just don't tighten too much because it will be hard to remove
filters made	MADE IN USA
fit 24 104 canon ef lens	No, the 24-105 will take a 77mm filter. I actually have a tiffen filter on my 24-105, it works fine, but you will get ghosting, or lens flare from time to time, just watch how closely you shoot to any lights and you will be fine.
circular support rings made plastic metal	Metal &#128077;
mount aux port laptop autoalign scope used assist tracking	No, it does not.
scope take 2 eyepieces	No
work nikon af5 nikkor 1755mm 128 ged nikon d7100 also 28300 lens af5 nikkor filter need one	For Nikon 17-55 you need 77 mm filter. You can use the same filter for 28-300 as well.
rechargeable battery pack works nexstar 114 gt	I made up my own battery pack. I use a 12 volt gel cell. I cut off the provided battery holder for the 8 x AA cells and used the wiring to connect to the gel cell with Anderson Powerpole connectors. 
purchased gift husband dslr know want take pictures need get	I really can't help with this. I did take a picture of the moon with my "point and shoot" camera by just pointing it through the eyepiece and it was quite successful. 
find tripod replacement telescope	I do not know.
stock canon lens cap fit 58 mm filter	I believe so. Mine is 62 (Tarman) & 67 (canon) they all fit perfectly. it is an industry standard.
best carrying case equipment celestron nexstar 114	I am sorry, but I have not had to do that yet. I did plan to take the telescope to an island cabin where there is little light pollution and kept the original box for that purpose.
nikon p510 know size lens need anyone know	I could not find the size in mm that I needed for my Nikon 3200 so I looked in the instruction book and found what size each lens needed.
fit panasonic lumix dmc fz200 lens	don't buy this uncoated filter. ghosts. I bought it, never used it, never bother to return to amazon.
would filter work canon ef 50mm f18 ii	Yes sir. http://www.tiffen.com/canon_lens_to_filter_chart.html
canon sx30 wich size recomended	I could not find the filter size in any of the Canon documentation. On a forum I read it is a bayonet mount, which means you need a converter to fit filters.
filter attach lens screw	The answer to this is yes it does screw onto the front of your lens. I apology for lacking that detail.
filter fit nikon 70300mm f456g af nikkor slr camera lens	No, i believe that you need a 62mm filter. check the front element of your lens.
fit 24 104 canon ef lens	No, the 24-105 will take a 77mm filter. I actually have a tiffen filter on my 24-105, it works fine, but you will get ghosting, or lens flare from time to time, just watch how closely you shoot to any lights and you will be fine.
made glass	According to Tiffen's product brochure their manufacturing "...process entails permanently laminating the filter material in between two pieces of optical glass ..."
works sony a5000 lens sel1855	52mm on a lens Filter represents the diameter. There will me a mark on your lens that should tell you what size filter fits your lens. it should be near the base and be right next to an 0 with a line through it. hope that is helpful.
made glass	According to Tiffen's product brochure their manufacturing "...process entails permanently laminating the filter material in between two pieces of optical glass ..."
screw right lens without using adaptor	yes... right on the lens.... its just a simple protector for your expensive lens. I totally recomend it for ALL your lenses!! Good luck! Happy New Year
fit 24 104 canon ef lens	No, the 24-105 will take a 77mm filter. I actually have a tiffen filter on my 24-105, it works fine, but you will get ghosting, or lens flare from time to time, just watch how closely you shoot to any lights and you will be fine.
screw right lens without using adaptor	yes... right on the lens.... its just a simple protector for your expensive lens. I totally recomend it for ALL your lenses!! Good luck! Happy New Year
canon sx30 wich size recomended	I could not find the filter size in any of the Canon documentation. On a forum I read it is a bayonet mount, which means you need a converter to fit filters. 
filter attach lens screw	The answer to this is yes it does screw onto the front of your lens. I apology for lacking that detail.
would filter work canon ef 50mm f18 ii	Yes sir. http://www.tiffen.com/canon_lens_to_filter_chart.html
fit panasonic lumix dmc fz200 lens	don't buy this uncoated filter. ghosts. I bought it, never used it, never bother to return to amazon.
filter fit nikon 70300mm f456g af nikkor slr camera lens	No, i believe that you need a 62mm filter. check the front element of your lens.
works sony a5000 lens sel1855	52mm on a lens Filter represents the diameter. There will me a mark on your lens that should tell you what size filter fits your lens.
lens work d3000 d3200	Yes,it works for your camera.Believe me,it makes your pics look perfect.
lens work nikon 7100	More than likely it will. If you locate this lens on Amazon, it will show you which camers's will work with this lens.
nikon p510 know size lens need anyone know	I could not find the size in mm that I needed for my Nikon 3200 so I looked in the instruction book and found what size each lens needed.
work nikon d60	Yes
lens image stabilization	The camera-image stabilization is not attached to this lens.
full frame camera d610	I use it with my D600, but do not think it is an a FX lens.
anyone know physical length lens	Hello The physical length of the lens is 232mm
lens compatible d50 nikon auto focus work d50	I didn't know. The lens I brought was used and had fungus on the inside. You can always return the item if it doesn't work.
dx full frame fx	It's a DX format. If you go to adorama.com you can answer a lot of your questions.
work nikon d7000	Absolutely. I used in with my D90 then my D7000. Keep in mind that as the D7000 is a crop sensor DSLR and the Sigma lens is full frame the equivalent will be 255-750mm. Also there is no form of vibration reduction or optical stabilization so you may need a solid tripod for some shots, especially in low light.
work full frame camera like a7r course usind adpater emount	It should work but you may lose imaging around the frame.
confirm filter size 62mm says sites see 72mm one correct	As I own one of these Sigma 28 - 200mm and it came with 72mm filter size .As for 62mm filter, its for 28 - 105mm lens.
works sony slta58k digital slr objective take intraoral photos dentist	HI to answer to your question is Yes its works and it took great picture too.Ive tested with A290 A55 and now its stuck with my SLT. A37. 
lens work nikon d5100	Yes!!!
one works sony camera a7	Not sure, but it should. I have an A65 and it works very well. Some people complain bc the zoom is in the opposite direction. I don't find this a problem.
work sony nex vg20	maybe with an adaptor, this is similar to the sony A mount, nex use the sony E mount which is NOT directly compatible, best bet is to ask Sigma directly
lens compatible pentax k3	Yes, should work great
filter hood size lens	58mm filter size. If new, the lens will come with a twist-on hood. You should always use the supplied hood, even though it will add 2.5 inches to the length of the already large lens.
image apo lens correct picture	hi, the advertised lens is for the apo lens.
work auto focus fit sony mount slta57	Yes it does, fits and works well.
lens compatible pentax k30	Yes, the lens is compatible with the K-30. Please let us know if you have any other questions.
camera compatible hp computers	The output of this camera is on IEEE1394 (firewire). It should be compatible with any computer that has a compatible IEEE1394 input or can have an input card installed into it.
plug boom mic soundboard camera inputs mic headphones	Yes. It has an input for both a mic and headphones
camera used live streaming youtubeif would need video capture device	Yes you can live stream. It has a DV CONNECTOR. You will need a FireWire port on your computer to transfer your tapes, or live stream. 
clear video	It's as clear as tapes can be.
lens works pentax k 5 iis thank	Yes
camera compatible samsung computers	Yes it is comparable if the computer Asa dv or a FireWire input
record sd cards	No
firewire port also camera compatible macbook computers	yes there is a firewire port. and yes it is compatible. I owned a GL2 believe it to be about the same specs as GL1 but do more research before purchasing.
put one tripod screws bottom slip tripod	Yes
record golf swing stop frame downswing get clear picturesframe	OH HELL YES THIS CAM DOES IT ALL
length video display screen need show hours minutes seconds real time seconds important thanks	Yes, you can turn that option on.
keep seeing mention cam using tapes record sd cards	It uses minidv. To me it had been a major shortcoming as it has "eaten" some vital footage 3rd time using it due to time coding issues on the tape when stopping and starting frequently
deattach lens mount lens canon dslr	Not unless you only want to use it at close distances only. The flange distance is 29mm for the XL1 and 44mm for the EF mount, a 15mm difference.
comes camera	Charger, battery and cables
kind equitment need camera	lots of dv tapes, its also nice to make sure you have the correct size filters. and make sure you have either hdmi cables or firewire hook up so you can put your video on your computer.
take pictures	Yes it can. Button on top of hand grip
camera canon xl1 digital camcorder kit ntsc pal	Ntsc
battery life like	VERY LONG TIME
shoot movies northern lights	This camera has the capability of capturing anything, with great quality!... With multiple lens that can be attached; makes this camera great for shooting film, and videos!... So I would say yes this camera can shoot movies of the Northern Lights....
u remote control include	I don't have a remote with my camera.
used nikon d3300 1855mm	It could be used with a step ring. Your Nikon 18-55mm lens has a filter thread of 52mm so you would need a 52mm to 58mm step-up ring to put this 58mm thread close-up lens on your 52mm thread lens.
use lens canon sx50 adaptor would need	I'm not familiar with your camera... I'm using it on video camera with a 72mm diameter lens, so I had to get a 72mm to 58mm step-down ring to attach it. 
fit fujifilm xf 1855mm lens takes 58mm filter	If you get a canon 58mm and your lens has threads to accept filters then the answer is yes.
one fit eos rebel 3i eos 600d	This piece screws onto a 58mm lens so if the lens fits your rebel you are all set. I personally used the 52mm lens which I screwed onto my 50mm prime lens
display see video eye view	It only has an eye view unless you hook it to a portable display monitor.
difference bw close filter macro function would one want purchase close filter macro function camera	I don't think you would. My point-and-shoot Canon takes great close-up photos in macro mode.
compare using cheaper macro filters comparatively priced raynox macro lens fuji hs50exr	Works much better then the platic version
use canon t3i 18135 67mm adapter	Because it goes on the front of your lens like a filter you would need one that is 67mm without a step-up ring or larger with an step-up ring.
hello works pen ep3	No it doesn't. I bought mine thinking it would but it cannot be linked as the Pen 3 does not have the built in connector.
stylu 740 71	No
olympus e620 camera fp1 grip work combinationthanks	This remote was made for the E series, and replaces the RM-2 for the Stylus series. Yes, it should work with your E620, and the grip is irrelevant.
work stylus tough 3000	yes it does
used 1855mm lens canon t4i	Yes. This close-up diopter will work. 
remote work new stylus 1 camera	No
work olympus e620	Mine did not work at all out of the box. It appeared to be a flaw with the unit not linkage to the camera. Good luck.
I I would buy could determine whether works stylus xz2 seller provided morespecific info would probably sell	I wish I could offer more assitance to you, however, I do not know if the XZ-2 uses a RM-1 remote, I know it works very well on my Olympus E620. 
someone purchase replacement batteries remote web link replacement batteries	I haven't owned this remote for awhile (I have a new camera), but I think if you look at the battery, it's a large button type and will have a number on it. 
anyone used win 8 win 8 pro	Shouldn't matter.
work hp laserjet 4p dell inspiron running windows 7 pro	I am running a HP LaserJet 4 with a Dell running Windows 7 Pro. It works very well for me.
cabl ework hp laser printer 4224a	I have an hp LaserJet 4200tn and it worked so it should work for your printer as well.
cable work konicaminolta pagepro 1350w	No it will not, the is the wrong cable. You will need a standard USB 2.0 a to b cable.
work windows vista	Yup - printing with it now!
cable compatible windows 7 64 bit	I'm using it on Windows 8 with no problems. If it works on Window 8 64 bit, it will probably work on 7 64 bit.
allow connect laserjet 2100 dell 64 bit window 7 laptop	If the printer has the old style parallel port, this cable will connect the parallel port to a usb port. I am using it to connect a very old laserjet 6mp to a windows 8 desktop.
long cable	The cable is about 3 feet, plenty of length to connect a receipt printer to the PC which is all I needed to do. Hope this helps
work olympus stylus 820 camera bought one cannot seem get work	I am not sure. I am not familiar with the Olympus Stylus 820. I think a camera website can better advise you like B and H, or Adorama.
work printerscannercopier	I have only used it as a printer cable, the printer I hooked it up to only printed, soory
compatible windows 8 operating system	Yes, I installed it in July and it works fine.
work epson projector model number ex 3220 lost cord need replacement fast	Check to see if holes line up than yea you can use it
someone put nose cord tell smell roughly similar wd40 armpit stink gives headaches	No, there is no strong odor that I can detect.
anyone 1 foot cable give exact length truly 12 inches	yes
ok wacer 23 lcd monitor	if it takes a UPC like a printer, than yes
use power cord 600 watt power supply	Cord and connectors are Rated at 10 Amps at 120 Volts so Max Watts is 1200. So you should be fine.
fit ge 12 cup percolator model 169185	As far as I can tell on web, Yes, it will fit. In the audio world these are called UPC, a "universal power cable" this will power appliances, computers, printers, etc... Good luck
would cord work nordictrack ellipticallooks another cord foundwhich states thanks	Hi; It is look like, this is what you looking for? I have just one left. It might work!!! Thank you; AP Comptech
work electric urn	Hi; Thank you for your interested with us, We are very but. We don't have it at this time. Sincerely; ap comptech
work really old monitors acin sorry I confused thank	they are standard power cords which will be used by 95%+ of whatever is out there for monitors or computers.
work projector epson powerlite 2000 powere requirements power supply voltage 100 240 vac &plusmn10% 5060 hz	looks like the projector uses 280w to 300w while running, call it 3 Amps, 18awg is 10A max, a quick look at the spec sheet show the use of the hp power connector. 
physical length strip	Length is 24inches. The summary description value is correct, the detail description value of 2.4 inches is incorrect.
cannot figure mount wallholes brackets big screw heads help	yes. mounting is not the strength of this power strip. we ended up using adhesive to attach it to a wall.
color cord	Mine is black
kind mounting hardware included could mounted bottom table outlets facing side instead	Yes these are great power strips. It comes with two clips that screw in with one screw each. 
one surge protector	No. It is just a very good power strip.
well wall mount work rear screws exactly spaced slid	Yes it comes with the mounting hardware. You can space the mounts anyway you like as they slide up and down the length of the power stip. 
hardwired existing electric	Yes, but realize you must cut off existing regular plug, and make a proper (per code) connection to the 120 volt feeder.
surge protector	No. It only provides multiple outlets from one wall outlet. I used it to connect multiple devices to power at a work station. I used a battery backup system to provide surge isolation.
long cable	The cord is extremely long. I measured 7 ft 10 in. (I actually have mine bundled up in a tie since it's so long and my computer is very close.)
plug usb port	No, it is a 3.5mm audio jack
far apart inches sockets spaced	The sockets are just under 1.5" edge to edge, or 2.5" from the center of each socket to the center of the next socket. They are closer together than they appear from the stock photo.
plug devices extension cord one protector devices direct protector	I would say yes. I am using a short ext cord on a scanner and everything is working fine. Make sure the ext cord is the right size to handle the load.
use ipad	Sorry for the late answer, I never used it with an ipad, I don't know.
power outage use protect sensitive electronics run tv dvd player safely inverter generator	Your generator must make AC. I would suspect, YES, but I would call Tripp Lite.
plug 550 w soldering station aoyue 968 30 watt ventilation fan along low power items	Yes a 550 watt soldering iron will draw 4.58 amps at 120 volts ac and a 30 watt fan will draw less than one amp ( a little more on start up)
would surge protector clean power enough safely run pellet stove non inverter generator power outage	Yes. it should provide clean enough power.
hook computerhead phone jack usb port please help	Headphone jack
old building grounded isobar8ultra offers protection lightning surges	Site-of-use surge protectors must be used in a properly grounded receptacle. Service entrance types (where the wiring comes into your home/building) do also.
tripp lite give additional protection whole house surge protector actually negative interactions	Yes
stop tv shutting power conditioner 2 stage already	Remove m power, plug tv directly into wall and see if tv turns off. If it doesn't turn off, your m power is over heating and possibly shorting out.
power brick block outlets	The outlets are spaced far enough apart that bricks should not block adjacent outlets. I've never had any trouble plugging in bricks and other power cords into it.
unit stop hum interference u hear stereo systemvery annoying noiseit comes equipment share wall outlet	i doubt it. from what i know having your equipment plugged into different circuits would only make the hum worse. 
many reviews say apc &amp cyberpower ups provide enough surge protection would advisable use conjunction ups	Not sure of the best thing to do but there is diminishing amperage with just one power strip. 
blow hot air pci slot take cool air pci slot	It blow hot air out away from the box. I saw no difference in temps however, and it was loud when new and even louder when it went bad. 
cable used power fan	The cable you see in the picture. Your power supply (inside the computer) should have some extra plugs.
fan fit lowprofile half height slim pc case	no...
expansion fan work hp slimline s5360f	Im not using mine anymore, it pulled air from the video card fans causing the video card to heat up. There is a reason you wont see many of these in peoples rigs.
someone put nose cord tell smell roughly similar wd40 armpit stink gives headaches	No, there is no strong odor that I can detect.
ok wacer 23 lcd monitor	if it takes a UPC like a printer, than yes
work projector epson powerlite 2000 powere requirements power supply voltage 100 240 vac &plusmn10% 5060 hz	looks like the projector uses 280w to 300w while running, call it 3 Amps, 18awg is 10A max, a quick look at the spec sheet show the use of the hp power connector.
work epson projector model number ex 3220 lost cord need replacement fast	Check to see if holes line up than yea you can use it
anyone 1 foot cable give exact length truly 12 inches	yes
would recommended place directly asus gtx 780 direct cu2 graphics card draw heat	Probably not. I used it for a passively cooled card and it was great. 
fit ge 12 cup percolator model 169185	As far as I can tell on web, Yes, it will fit. In the audio world these are called UPC, a "universal power cable" this will power appliances, computers, printers, etc... Good luck
use power cord 600 watt power supply	Cord and connectors are Rated at 10 Amps at 120 Volts so Max Watts is 1200. So you should be fine.
would cord work nordictrack ellipticallooks another cord foundwhich states thanks	Hi; It is look like, this is what you looking for? I have just one left. It might work!!! Thank you; AP Comptech
fan really two power connectors shown picture	It is a pass through so other molex devices can be powered.
work electric urn	Hi; Thank you for your interested with us, We are very but. We don't have it at this time. Sincerely; ap comptech
long power cord	Approx. 12 feet.
use 12 outlets laptops office	It can with ease, but I would advise not doing so, since this power strip has no surge protection.
male end power plug flat like amazon ziotek1212591hc1 stick 2	It is not a flat plug............
mounted mounting hardware could couple screws would put screws slide strip like every	There's two tension clips that I mounted to the underside of my workbench that the power strip clicked into. 
surge protection	No it does not, it's just a strip with a on/off switch and a circuit breaker. I run mine off a APC smart ups unit and SurgeX noise/surge suppressor connected to the mains
work really old monitors acin sorry I confused thank	they are standard power cords which will be used by 95%+ of whatever is out there for monitors or computers.
hard wired cut two shorter lengths childproof	"Can this be hard wired? Yes, cut the plug off the end and hard wire into a box. Cut into two shorter lengths? NO, it is one extruded aluminum section. 
strips vertical position individual outlets would horizontal relation strip	These ones don not change positions. It is what you in the picture.
actually 36 inches I seeing multiple different measurements listing	The actual strip is 1-1/4 W x 1-1/4 H x 36-5/8" L overall, including the circuit breaker button, which is located on the end adjacent to the power cord and switch. The body of the strip is 36-3/8" lg including the heads of the small screws that hold the end plates on; the breaker extends another 1/4" beyond the screw heads.
come mounting brackes secure wall baseboard	I bought this two years ago however I want to say that they do as I mounted one on the side of my model train layout. The brackets are small metal squares.
alternate 12 outlet 3ft chord strips handle 67 fat chargers seem cover 2 outlets	I use short "pigtail" extension cords that are about 8-12 inches long.
big enough put 1110 watt air conditioner sharp afs125rx use 1800 watt unit	I agree with the previous responder. The 1110 watt load is marginal for the unit. I would use the 1800 watt unit.
work 3500 watt portable generator	Yes it will. You don't want to use a ferroresonant transformer (like a Sola) with a generator. Ferroresonant transformers can become unstable with frequency variation that is more likely with a generator.
would protect computer workstation 550 watt power supply	It's rated for 1200 watts, so I'm guessing ... yeah, it will.
clamping time	Hmm ... not sure what you mean by "clamping time," but if the question refers to time between detection of power surge/undervoltage and active suppression/correction, I would have to assume it's nanoseconds. 
output constant 120 vac tolerance 120 vac output 115 vac 128 vac acceptable output thanks	I have not used this device yet. I bought it to protect electronics while using my generator. 
many watts unit use	For all practical purposes, zero. Remember, for the most part, a line conditioner is just a pass-through device.
anyone used one gas condensing boiler order run generator	As line conditioners are designed to provide surge protection and provide a steady 120 vac power to connected equipment, the LC1200 may not be the best fit for your application.
atx power supply work intel motherboard	I believe these power supplies are universal for all ATX boards. So it should.
I trying find good avr room heaters portable ceramic &amp quartz would work shutdown like optiups	I suggest you call Tripp Lite directly and get their recommendation for your application. They were very helpful to me. 
applications page tells emachines supported	You would have to look at the power supply that is currently in your computer, determine if it is an ATX supply (to match this one) and determine its wattage. 
product required power ouput cords buy seperately cannot see picture	I didn't count them before I put them in but it has as many as I needed
fit hp a6742p dimensions575 x 325 x 4	The dimensions for the 250 Watt are 5.5" x 3.4" x 5.8" (LxWxH) and my 350W Antec is 5.8 x3.4 x 5.9.
need power source surge protector something like piece keeps pc working blcakout outage	no, this is a power supply, it gives power to the components inside the pc like hard drive, motherboard, video card etc. You need something like a "CyberPower CP600LCD"
product support computer power 750 wattsand studio monitor 200 watts lcd monitor 45 watts	Yes. I think you'll have no problems with it...
product warranty	It has a lifetime limited warranty, which takes care of failure of unit itself, but probably more significant is the $50,000 lifetime insurance (on damage to stuff connected to the surge protector). 
product mounted cemented wall basement	Yes, there is an L bracket built into the back of the unit for mounting
want use combination preexisting ups graphics workstation tripp lite &gt ups&gtworkstation concerns	It should work well .
850w psu gaming pc triple 27' monitors well moden able handle	Yes
work generator protect tv refrigerator laptop desktop computers	Yes, this will work for TVs, Laptops and Desktop computers. I have several of them for all the technology in out home.
need run cord gasketed hole outdoor application cord removed box plug molded place	It is molded into place. Sorry.
replacement part f1 internal fuse	do not know
product used protect new major appliances electronics refrigerator front load washer	It will do a good job at protecting a fridge. The washer might draw a bit too much power depending on the size of the internal heater if there is one, if the washer is within the Isobar's ratings then it will be fine too.
help filter interference stereo audio ham radio neighbor	It all depends on how the interference is getting into your system. If it is piggy-backing in on the power line then this filter could make a difference. 
battery backup	No
model models come mounting hardware walls etc	On the back of the unit there are holes that enable mounting with screws. That's what I did with mine too. You'll need to supply your own screws. Cheers
want surge protector protects fires biggest concern would isobar6ultra 3330 joules microwave	I suppose if you're using a "stand-alone" microwave (not installed in kitchen cabinetry, etc.) a surge protector makes sense.
live spain use spanish 230v power use wall adapter	You'll need to contact Trip Lite and get the device that is rated for your voltage requirements
switch power button unit devices plugged still protected surge etc	I'm pretty sure it does. Best bet is call TrippLite directly And ask. I will tell you that I had this exact unit take a hit and it saved my whole entertainment center.
gauge wire	14
work 230 v mains power supply another product thanks	No... This is a Voltage compatibility: 120 VAC device. You might want to try the "kenable Individually Switched 6 Gang Surge Protected Mains Power Extension 2m (~6 feet)". 
allow enough room computer peripheals larger transformer plugs	Standard large plugs work, but not all of the transformer plugs so I use the short heavy extension cords for two of the plugs
inverter generator use electronics fed generator emergency product fry	ISOBAR products are designed to provide advanced protection for PCs, workstations and home electronics from damaging power surges, spikes and line noise interference.
tripp lite ul 1449 compliant	Yes. As listed on their website. "UL1449 3rd Edition (AC Suppression) Tested to UL1449 3rd Edition requirements by ETL"
want use plug caffee express maker	I use for super powered copier machine
many watts unit use	I'm not sure what it uses by just being plugged in. It's max capacity is supposed to be 2400 watts. 
router come cisco ios software run already router buy seperately	It comes with installed IOS
cisco 2509 used access server	yes it can be used as an Access server. You will need to buy if you don't already have, a MD68 to 8 RJ45 Async Octal Cable
provide picture back unit need see type connection interfaces	sure I will send to you tomorrow from our office.
2 subwoofer 1200watts sometimes turn without input signal would fix problem thanks	That is a tough question to answer...If they are turning themselves on because you are getting a spurious signal through your building wiring then the answer is "MAYBE". You wouldn't know until you tried it.
req sw feat pk mean	It depends on what the customer or the seller wants to achieve,I will advise that if the Cisco 2509 comes with its default IOS the software feature pack won't be necessary.
card work router 1841	Yes it is supported. Here is the link to the page that show this, http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/routers/1800-series-integrated-services-routers-isr/relevant-interfaces-and-modules.html Thanks Dave
know written shipped within usa possibility ship spain thank much	Yes, we can.
card compatible 2621xm	Yes
little 3000 watt generator two 20 amp outputs would like clean output one ups work would work	I use mine with a generator to clean up the power for a refrigerator that has electronics on board. I only use the generator for power outages.
plug tv	I bought mine for a scanner. They plug into my laptop. They also come with an adapter to fit the big stereo jack. I have an old tube style TV. I don't know if either of those jacks will fit yours.
good canceling classroom noises	While I've never used them in a classroom, I have used them at Starbucks and they did a really good job of blocking probably 90% of the ambient noise, so I presume tht they would work as well in a classroom unless there is a party going on.
mostly listen podcasts mainly want reduce ambient noise huge open office recommend	Yes, I would recommend it. It should be fine for that purpose.
suitable gaming	Yes
plug airlines listen ti movies &amp music	Yes, but they are a but bulky.
two men office loud talkers block voices	Speaking from personal experience, the answer is no. I've played music as loud as the volume will go, and it did not block out loud talkers.
see ideal use racing scanners metal detectors use music 35 jack	Sorry for the late reply. The answer is yes, it has a 3.5 mm minijack and it comes with an adapter to 6.3 mm jack. I'm using it for music at home. 
compatible cisco router 1700	Yes
work simple laptop head set jack input	Hi- Yes they will plug into a laptop jack. I tested mine out on my laptop. I use them with my scanner when I go to the race track. They are pretty heavy duty.
sound quality better worse 10$ ear buds	Never owned ear buds but the sound of these headphones is great. They are also comfortable to wear.
two head bands	mine has one head band, doesn't have the one that goes around the back of the head. I use mine for metal detecting and I'm very pleased with it
set binoculars come lens cups protection	If cups and caps are the same thing, then yes, this set comes with lens covers. HOWEVER, they are constantly falling off, so they are really of no use for protection.
set binoculars come strap case	Yes, they come with a case, strap, lens caps, and a lens cleaning cloth. They are a fine pair if binoculars. I purchased 10 of them for my passengers to use on a Mississippi Riverboat to watch the nature unfold on the banks and couldn't be happier with the product and quality. 
night vision	No night vision.
going use backyard birding noticed new binocs close focus 25 feet normal	I purchased this unit as a gift for a family member who lives in Thailand. He absolutely loves them and several of his coworkers at the university borrow them and like them as well. I used them a few times and they were great.
come case	Yes. It isn't hard shell, but is protective, and has a shoulder strap.
good watching live concert dark hall	yes i think they would be fine.
binoculars come case	yes --lens cloth and covers
looking binoculars stargazingi want lightweight 10x50's see another question good	These are a great pair of binoculars. Real light for their size. I used it while on safari in Kenya and they are perfect for a long day carry.
I going motorcycle trip summer withstand carried saddlebags	I'm sure they are durable enough, however they are somewhat bulky. Compact 'backpacking' binoculars might be a better choice for your saddlebags.
confused projector lens projector fully operational	The one I purchased came complete with a lens and remote.
remote control use	There is no remote control.
binoculars good watching wildlife	Yes, we watch ducks, eagles,seals out our windows here. And of course, people walking on the beach because when they are bundled up, we cant tell who they are.
projector come lens comments vary although details say come one	Yes
carosol projector advancing slides	The most common problem when advancement of the carousel doesn't occur is when slides are present in the carousel, but are cardboard framed, and are slightly warped.
lens kodak carousel 4200 would lens fit 4200	Mine came with one, but I got two from ebay that worked, a wide angle and zoom telescopic.
lens would mind posting photos using comparison	yes i can send the pictures . but pleas give me the real email address to sent them . or tell me how can i sent the pictures .thanks.
would work different manufacturers camera 52mm filter size say panasonic lumix fz200	I don't think it will
fit nikon v1	The thread on the back is 28mm so it would only fit a Nikon V1 with a step ring from the diameter of the lens on the Nikon V1 down to 28mm. As an example if the lens on the V1 had a cap/filter thread size of 43mm, then it would require a step-down ring of 43mm-28mm.
want lens came little bit cash recently wonder time spring first l series lens lens want continue save get zoom instead	I can't recommend this lens enough. The thing about the dog, it sounds like you had a lot of experience shooting that scene, so this prime may work for you; my number one caveat when recommending this lens to someone is obviously the fact that you have to find you spot when shooting sports and know how to handle the focal length.
buy product able see slides right away need buy lens separately make work	You will be able to see the slides right away
canon1ds support lens	The lens is compatible with the 1DS.. It will out resolve the sensor but will work fine on the 1DS.. I am using it on a 6d and love the lens!!
comparing 200 135 better choice I shooting ff 6d I shall I using portraits	Well at these focal lengths it's all about compression. Either one will do well but the 135 wide open is probably the way to go since you start at f/2 vs f/2.8 for the 200mm. 
canon eos rebel sl1 two lenses 75300mm lens 1855mm lens next purchase take lot sports action shots	either the 200 2.8L or 70-200 2.8L are excellent for that purpose. They are significantly better than the lenses you own. In that focal length they are top of the line.
work canon eos 50d	Yes it will. Remember however that the 50D has an APS-C sensor so when you take a photo you have to apply the crop factor of 1.6.
telephoto extender work best lens	I have tested the Canon 1.4x teleconverter and it works well. AF is also listed as possible even for the Canon 2x teleconverter. 
lens require use tripod mount	It really depends on how steady your hands are. Is it needed? No. 
canon ef 200mm f28l ii usm telephoto hoops golf would good golf swings well shot's golf course	I rented this lense to use with my Canon 350D.
135mm 14x teleconvertor work macro heard combination would work macro	The minimum focus distance for the 135mm is 3 feet, and I don't know if you add anything more to that with the 1.4x on it, but at any rate 3 feet is too far away for macro.
canon 135mm f2l vs 200mm f28 thoughts	I used to own both these lenses, but sold the 200 f/2.8L. They are very similar lenses. The 200L is, in my opinion, superior if your goal is landscape photography. 
I debating 135 100 macro I torn two thoughts I shall I using portraits	You did not mention if you use a FF camera or a crop sensor. That will have an impact on focal length.
work 2x extender	Yeah as long as it's an EF mount
lens compatible cannon digital slr cameras	Yes. It will fit on any Canon DSLR. It's the best lens I own and that includes the 70-200mm f/2.8 II, and many other expensive Canon L lenses. 
lens vs 2470 24105 would recommend	Question doesn't say anything about usage of lens. 135 has the fastest focusing probably from all Canon EF lenses, it's sharp and produce shallow DOF. But it's fixed. 
market portrait lenes wedding photography best lens	not if it's your only lens, a good combo would be a 24-70 and the 135L. Ideally two cameras would be best, the 135L on one and the 24-70 on the other. The 135L is a wonderful lens, so sharp and contrasty. A great lens for a wedding, just not solo due to it being so long. focal length wise.
description states ideal indoor sports portraits equally good outdoor pictures say landscape pictures	I dont know about "ideal" for sports in any sense.
canon ef 135mm f2l vs canon ef 24105mm f4l one better making music videos	Depends on the effects you need. If you one real shallow depth of field 135 is better. 
usable lens without	I used it to take pictures at my fiance's son's wedding and they came out fantastic.
product description include lens cap rear lens cap someone tell lens comes lens cap rear lens cap	FYI: I've never bought a lens that didn't come with a front & rear lens cap, and I believe every lens made ships with both.
200 vs 300 mm anyone shed light	The extra 100mm is quite a bit, in fact it makes a big difference if you are into shooting animals/birds/sports from a distance.
canon ef 135mm f2l usm lens without tripod hello u guys helped buying wide angle lens hope u great job case pls tell buy tripod purchasing lens	This is a wonderful lens, but its length, especially on a crop camera (Rebel, XXD, 7D), limits its versatility in low-light situations relative to shorter primes.
amazon item include caphoodpouch would lens taking photos band concert darkened auditorium	Yes.
indoor band concert darkened auditorium &amp outdoor marching competitions would lens taking photos band concert darkened auditorium	Yeah buying a zoom lens for indoor low light shooting is where photography starts to become expensive.
70200 would get rid 85 18 hear people say never even use 85 buy 70200	If you can afford it I would definitely keep both. First, the 85 1.8 gives you the wide aperture that you do not get with the 70-200 f/4. 
better indoor shooting 70200 f4l usm 70200 f4l iso	With limited light as often occurs indoors, the IS (image-stabilized) version would likely provide sharper images (of still subjects) when hand-holding the camera.
much better kit zoom lens	This zoom lens is 110% better than the kit zoom lens. Basically Canon L glass is the top of the line glass. The quality of the shots taken with L glass is amazing. 
I concerned lack lens worth buy better saving	IS on a tele is always welcome, but I think that you would feel the difference only on poor light shots, because the vibration. 
presets stations	no presets just tuning on right ear
bought ten years ago $20 something different $279	I also bought them at Target years ago for the same amount you did. I just checked amazon one day and they had the radio for 30.00 keep trying
$699 web site $999	William, There may have been a one day sale as when I go onto our site now they are at the same price. Eric C
preset radio stations	I haven't tried to do that. Sorry
use power adapter comes amp denmark	Yes, you should be able to use it in Denmark. The ESP 950 should come with both 120v.and European 220v. adapters. Check with Koss just to be safe.
significance 09m 16m switch lens	It is a focus limiter switch. It refers to the minimum distance from which the lens/camera will search for focus.
lense compatible canon t3i	Yes. Canon EF lenses will fit on all Canon bodies. Canon's EF-S lenses are designed for, and fit, only the crop-sensor bodies, which at this moment are ALL DSLR bodies except for the 1D and 5D models. So, with your crop-body, ALL Canon EF lenses will work just fine.
dac outputs 2 volts rms per channel 10 k ohms enough power produce good volume 'phones	Thanks for your question. Considering these have an associated amplifier, that should be fine. 
picture shows cans come headphone amp true thanks time	Yes, the KOSS ESP 950 comes with the E-90 amp, and can only be driven by that amp, unless you re-terminate the cans' cable, or at least the extension cable (a second extension can be purchased from Koss) to fit a pro-bias Stax (or other similar e-stat) amp/transformer.
pot used nu wave induction cooktop	Yes, it will work. I have a Duxtop induction cooktop and it works just fine. This is an extremely little pan, however. Great for a meal for one or two, but not a family. Pan is probably only 8 inches across at the bottom.
use product induction cooktop	Apparently not this variety. See http://www.meyer.com/brandsinduction.html for brands that are induction compatible.
steam vegetables thanks	Sorry it took so long to respond...been busy with xmas. Anyway it is very easy to steam vegetables in this steamer.
wide pot deep	Hi- the pot is 7 inches w & 4 1/2 inches deep ,the steamer insert is 7"w&apx 3 1/3"deep my most sincery regards
work induction stove tops	Sorry Stephen - I don't know that answer I use propane gas - but the Farberware is still a classic in stainless steel cookware. I highly recommend this one
work well steaming salmon veggies	I only use it for vegetables, so really can't say. The bottom of the steamer basket is 6" across, if that helps.
cook pasta	Yes I get the water boiling and throw the pasta in, after it is finished, I put the steamer part on, and drain it, it acts like a strainer ! I love this pot. 
gsp come computer communication cable 12 volt car power adapter	This GPSr came with a serial, not usb, cord, so I had to purchase a serial to usb converter (Keyspan by Tripp Lite USA-19HS High-Speed USB Serial Adapter).
gps instrument work india want know whether would work india	It will work anywhere in the world where you can get a satellite lock; it works in China, so there's a pretty good chance it'll work in India too.
made	I believe the box said Thailand.
buy slotted piece adds another layer top part pot	I think I see where he's coming from - this would allow steaming different foods simultaneously and add to the available space for foods.
give grid coordinate	YES
type downloading cable use	Garmin compatible PC Interface Data Cable for eTrex Legend Venture Vista Mariner, eMap, Geko,Vista, Legend sold on amazon and not expensive at all. $10.95
gps come computer communication cable 12 volt car power adapter	I bought mine years ago and used it for geocaching. I don't think it came with either.
current version wonder winder come standard mount swivel type thanks	I received 2 standard mounts in the box. You can undock and quickly connect to a 2nd location.
work wind 50 feet cat5 ethernet cable	Haven't tried it, but I'm confident that it would. A handle pushes the wire up against a spinning wheel which causes it to wind, so really any wire/cable should be able to be wound.
steam rice type steamer	I haven't tried it, but I don't think it would work given the size of the holes. I might be wrong...
anyone used swivel wall mount wonder winder&reg extension cord winder 417052	I haven't but the winder itself is a great tool. Keeps things nice and tidy. Very easy to transport and is a snap to real the extension cord back in!
would work cord snow ice want use electric snow blower cord	It should as you bear down on the cord manually the pressure exerted should be able to overcome the slippery coating.
work 3 25' extension cords plugged	Sure. The ability to chain pre-existing cords together is one of the big "pluses" of this item. The connections will just slide under the pressure yoke when it is being rewound. When it is being unwound, they will flow freely out the large exit portal.
unit safe leave outside	Yes, ours has been outside for years. It is placed on the side of our garage near an outside outlet and we just leave it plugged in and ready to go.
lost left arm cancer geen leaf ww1 used one hand	Sorry to hear about your arm. I would not say it works one handed without some modification. The other hand is used to apply pressure which holds the cable to the rubber wheel while retracting it. 
anyone tried using unmounted need back deck occasionally want deface wall mounting plate	It would be very awkward holding the web sack, compressing the pinch bar and winding.
lens compatible pentax kr dslr camera	yes, it is. actually, all pentax lenses can be mounted on Pentax dslr
possible purchase additional mounting plates seem one rather defeats portability product	Yes, Amazon usually carries the swivel mount (that I don't like) but I just searched and they are out of stock. 
fit pentax k5	Sure will.
hi use lens sony nex5r using proper adaptor	Hello, If the adapter allows you to mount the lens to the camera it will work but, you may have to focus manually. 
lens sold sunset numerous complaints many indicate sell plain box warranty gray market products amazon	I bought and returned lens years ago and moved on to a Nkion system. 
see says automatic diaphragm support autofocus well	Yes. This is an autofocus lens. It can auto focus on any Pentax DSLR.
fit pentax k5	Yes. I have used it on one for years quite successfully.
fa version lens compare da version k5iis	DA is f1.8, FA opens up to f1.4 (so you can only compare from f1.8) From 1.8 the sharpness is very similar but FA has smoother bokeh (much better in my opinion) FA also is compatible with full frame (which Pentax is releasing soon). 
lens come lens hood	No, but you DO need to purchase one, as the front element is very exposed and image-quality suffers w/o one. I got a rubber, collapsable one
28mm lens used pentax film camera would calculate dsl k5iis	Pentax K5iis has 1.5 crop so it would be 42mm on it.
voice recognition	I am using for learning spanish with Rosetta Stone, where it grades your ability to speak the language correctly. It works much better that the unit that came with the software.
work iphone ipad	No this won't as it requires a USB port.
fit pentax k5	Yes
different dsp400 without digital enhancement	There is no digital enhancemen
lens compatible k x camera	Yes, it is.
compatible k5 dslr	Yes, it is
lens compatible kx	yes
autofocuse manual focuse	Auto focus but can also be used as manual focus.
hello work eosm one adaptor need product	no. you can only use "M" type lenses.
compatible k50 dslr	yes.
lens fit pentax q	no, it doesn't.
dragon	don't know
size filter lens take	Hi, its 49mm filter thread and it rotates when zooming. It is manual focus but has contacts for aperture control in camera ("A" in the name) , it is lightweight and more thin than modern lenses.
replace whit ciscolinksys befw11s4 wirelessb cabledsl router arris nv510 whitout problem use att uverse	Hello Leonardo. The Arris NVG510 is a modem/router-in-one while the BEFW11S4 is only a router. 
order wil receive 63901	Hello Peter. We're not sure what you mean by 63901. Is this a zip code?
linksys support teck phone number phone number tech support linksys	the Linksys tech support phone number is 800-326-7114
work repeater	No. It works as a wireless router and has no feature to work as a wireless repeater.
connect kat 5's also need run one computer time	Hi Zack. If you're referring to a CAT 5 cable, yes, you can. The router has 4 Ethernet ports which will allow you to hardwire four (4) wired computers/devices. You may also connect up to 32 wireless devices.
dont cable still use router	Absolutely
configure router public\commercial use	You can set it up manually depending on the settings from your Internet Service Provider (ISP). You may also secure or leave the network open for public usage.
fiter size lens	49 mm
ill lens fit pentax pz10 35mm camera	yes...it will.
work time warner cable	It works with cable. To be sure, you need to check with Time Warner. They should have a list of modems that are compatible.
find manual	You need to go here. There is everything you need to know about this router... http://support.linksys.com/en-us/support/routers/BEFW11S4
security wep linksys befw11s4 wirelessb routers anyone successfully able add security key	At the bottom of the page that you changed is a Save Settings option. You have to save the settings and the button is at the bottom of the screen ( scroll down)
conflicting answers top two questions one answer says 8 cds per sheet 4 x 2 sides says 4 2 x 2	eight per page. Makes for a lot of CD's, but ours is almost full. Nice to have everything in one place, but it is a little heavy.
apparently case given two products id number cdw208 need sure inserts hold 8 cd's page 4	4, 2 each side, i.e, front and back
put cdsdvds sides one page	Yes, each sheet is double sided, so there are 4 slots on one side, and 4 on the back. Each sheet holds 8 CDs/DVDs.
cddvdw208 open binder middle sides lay flat raised like book	Both sides lie flat when opened in the middle.
quality sleeves lots people complain quality sleeves necessarily product cheap feel	Fine. We use it for DVDs that go in the car
many pages come	26 double sided pages with 4 slots on each side (208 total). Also inside the front cover has 16 slots.
case carrying handle one review said definitely pictured	Yes
product comse cd storage pages like picure	Yes, there are pages included several in fact. Although I don't recall the exact number but you can purchase more if needed.
pda play music sd card headphone jack	No, to both questions.
use windows 7 come disc	I dont think so
bought one cases working greatbut need pages underestimated number cds actually haveanyone know buy insert pages cannot seem find amazon thanks	I am sorry, the biggest one that I ever bought is the 96 capacity one.
room cd insert slot	Nope... just enough room for the cd
purchased palm m500 barely see screen backlight ideas	Mine never did work. I had already put all my info into it so I didn't dare send it back.
used microsoft	I believe this can be used with Microsoft but I am not sure. I had trouble connecting this to my computer.
bought m500 z22 get palm desktop new m500 hot synch seem work	I couldn't get my Palm to work After calling several companies I found that what I had would not work and so it was a waste. 
gsm capability could moble calls made item	I do not believe it can be used as a mobile device. It is solely used within it's own capacity, it can be linked a lap top or desk top.
device allow events entered generate reminders eg taking meds	I cannot help. I was never able to get it sinced with my government computer so had to send it back. I have a very old Palm and it is able to set reminders, so I would think that the PalmOne m500 should have the same ability.
come box	Neck strap and padded case also with cleaning cloth
item come power adtpter charging also item calculator	Yes, it came with a power adapter, but see my note*. The M-500 that I received in this purchase *did* come with a power adapter for charging, consisting of (1) a USB cable and (2) a wall plug-in unit that, when assembled, allow charging from a 120-volt A.C. source, and when separated, from a USB port on your PC. 
palmone m500 box	I bought a new one from a Marketplace seller, and it was just the M500 and home charger, though the charger has a removable USB to Palm cord, so you can also plug it into your PC. 
connect internet	I was never able to do that. I got locked out of it when it wouldn't respond to my password so I sent it back.
would work well sporting events weight stability view watching football game 300 level	The weight and stability would be fine.
work birdwatching	Anything closer than about 50-75 feet will be out of focus. Beyond that they are great. These are auto-focus and you can not adjust the focus manually.
right eye ajustment eye piece	Fully automatic! Work just like regular binoculars minus adjusting to focus. They focus instantly on their own. Worth every penny.
diopters adjustment right lens small adjustments made	No it does not
best fit low vision 0 infinity	Fixed focus, so not good for close range (up to about 30 feet or so
binoculars come case keep	Yes, a nice leather case. However, it is not hard shell.
come box	Neck strap and padded case also with cleaning cloth
good use watching auto racing track	Yes, they work well for any type of viewing in that they are self-adjusting. No need to fiddle with a focusing dial.
binocular come tripod adaptor work tripod	Does not come with tripod adaptor but will adapt to one
work birdwatching	Anything closer than about 50-75 feet will be out of focus. Beyond that they are great. These are auto-focus and you can not adjust the focus manually.
would work well sporting events weight stability view watching football game 300 level	The weight and stability would be fine. I used them for hunting and holding them for extended periods of time.
right eye ajustment eye piece	Fully automatic! Work just like regular binoculars minus adjusting to focus. They focus instantly on their own. Worth every penny.
best fit low vision 0 infinity	Fixed focus, so not good for close range (up to about 30 feet or so
diopters adjustment right lens small adjustments made	No it does not
binoculars come case keep	Yes, a nice leather case. However, it is not hard shell.
binocular come tripod adaptor work tripod	Does not come with tripod adaptor but will adapt to one.
good use watching auto racing track	Yes, they work well for any type of viewing in that they are self-adjusting. No need to fiddle with a focusing dial.
binocular come tripod adaptor work tripod	Does not come with tripod adaptor but will adapt to one
work birdwatching	Anything closer than about 50-75 feet will be out of focus. Beyond that they are great. These are auto-focus and you can not adjust the focus manually.
would work well sporting events weight stability view watching football game 300 level	The weight and stability would be fine.
right eye ajustment eye piece	Fully automatic! Work just like regular binoculars minus adjusting to focus. They focus instantly on their own. Worth every penny. My first set were stolen after a few years, but luckily Amazon had them. A real must have item.
diopters adjustment right lens small adjustments made	No it does not
best fit low vision 0 infinity	Fixed focus, so not good for close range (up to about 30 feet or so
binoculars come case keep	Yes, a nice leather case. However, it is not hard shell.
good use watching auto racing track	Yes, they work well for any type of viewing in that they are self-adjusting. No need to fiddle with a focusing dial. 
best fit low vision 0 infinity	Fixed focus, so not good for close range (up to about 30 feet or so
binocular come tripod adaptor work tripod	Does not come with tripod adaptor but will adapt to one
diopters adjustment right lens small adjustments made	No it does not
binoculars come case keep	Yes, a nice leather case. However, it is not hard shell.
right eye ajustment eye piece	Fully automatic! Work just like regular binoculars minus adjusting to focus. They focus instantly on their own. Worth every penny. My first set were stolen after a few years, but luckily Amazon had them. A real must have item.
good use watching auto racing track	Yes, they work well for any type of viewing in that they are self-adjusting. No need to fiddle with a focusing dial.
memory chip different internal memory &amp chip separate come camera separate purchase	Internal memory is built into the camera. Not all digital cameras have any internal memory. Additional memory may be added to some cameras in the form of "chips." But such memory can be in one of several forms.
memory card	The camera did not come with an SD memory cad when I owned it. You can buy one at any electronic store. I often used a 16 GB class 4 SD card.
flashing red light mean charging battery	only a guess since I had purchased this for my nephew not myself. but I would think it means to tell you it's charging and probably will change to a solid color when done charging.
casio lk45 want replace nonfunctional adaptor casio ad5ul 9v 850ma casio ad5 adaptor replaceable ad5ul	According to http://www.casio-usa.com/products/archive/Digital_Pianos_%26_Keyboards/Lighted_Keys/LK-45/content/Technical_Specs/, yes, AD-5 works.
work birdwatching	Anything closer than about 50-75 feet will be out of focus. Beyond that they are great. These are auto-focus and you can not adjust the focus manually.
would work well sporting events weight stability view watching football game 300 level	The weight and stability would be fine. I used them for hunting and holding them for extended periods of time. 
I assuming also works casio ctk573 model	My understanding was that it worked with all CTK models. That is the best I can offer :)
work ca110 model	No it didn't work, I was so disappointed I bought the exact one that it required and it won't even stay in the hole, won't start, nothing. I had thrown the paperwork away with full confidence that it would work and by the time I checked it out I had thrown the trash away.
use adapter casio adapter model ad5ul tc4 input 60hz 14w output 9v dc850ma replacement	Yes it works
work ctk700	According to http://www.casio-usa.com/products/archive/Digital_Pianos_%26_Keyboards/Portable_Keyboards/CTK-700/content/Technical_Specs/ it does.
polarity adapter center outside	Center is positive and the outside is negative.
long cord	It looks like 6 feet or so.
work casio keyboard ma150 thanks	Really don't know. Sorry
adapter work casio ctk 500	Do as I did, I called Guitar Center and asked for the exact plug and they pulled it up, after that, I went to Amazon.com and looked it up and bought it at less cost than what Casio wanted...hope that helps
remote included	Yes . A full function remote is included which can also be used to program the order you want the discs , and tracks to play in and can also be used to program songs into another usb type mp3 player.
volume	There is no volume control on the changer itself. As with any component system the volume is controlled by your amp.
get speakers	You have to connect the out put of this unit to an amplifier or stereo system with an input for CD players or auxiliary input . You cannot hook speakers up directly to this unit.
particular adapter work casio ctk 571 ask mixed reviews advertisement mention ctk571 people saying use final answer	Yes it will work for most Casio I think including CTK-571
shuffle feature within cd shuffle 5 cds	It has single disc shuffle and multi disc shuffle. Here is a link to an online manual. https://docs.sony.com/release/CDPCE375.pdf You may have to copy this address into your address bar to view the manual. I
need know dimensions cabinet	The Sony CDP-CE375 player is 17 inches wide, 4 1/2 inches in height, and 15 1/4 inches deep.
purchased 5 disc cannot determine attach speakers turn controlled remote directions	You need a separate recievers with speakers to plug into it
play music	yeah it does thats it's purpose you put in 5 cd's its still the greatest player i've ever had and i got it like 3 years ago
camera play thin hi 8mm thicker ones	Thick
unit guaranteed work guaranteed long	Sony's "Limited Warranty" on this unit is for one year. For warranty service, the CD play must be returned in its "original packaging" or comparable packaging (i.e., equally secure) to a "Sony authorized service facility."
camera able play tapes tv	Yes, you can use an AV cable to connect it to the TV
bunch old analog tapes played camera	yes, you can play them with this camera. I recently used it to transfer my old 'Hi8' tapes to digital.
get opitcal cord	Hi djbratton, you can purchase an optical cord to any electrical shop. -Ely
need make play	You will need an 2 channel (stereo) amplifier and speakers.
play old 8 mm tapes	Yes
play old 8 mm tapes	Yes
camcorder restricted play hi 8mm play standard 8mm well	I've been using it with both Hi8 and 8mm to transfer my oldies to DVD, and it works fine for both.
camera include charger	Hello, for this Sony Video Camera CCD-TRV68, it includes an AC power adapter for charging. -Ely
cable connection download onto pc	Hi, this Sony Analog/Camcorder do only have S video out and A/V out to be connected on an external monitor like TV. There are no port or connecters to connect on a PC. -Ely
canon powershot sd1100 digital elph 80 mega pixes right battery camera	Yes.
camera stereo audio outputs andor svideo output	It has an S video output and it has an 'A/V out' jack.
real brand battery pack canon battery pack nb4l one good canon powershot sd630 camera	I'm not an expert but my best advise is to go to the Canon website and check for yourself.
work canon power shot sd1400is	I am not sure because I no longer have this camera and do not want to give you the wrong answer.
camera multishot	This camera does have a multiple exposure function that work very well.
kind lens buy canera	You want any K mount lens which Pentax use. If getting digital lenses be sure the metering and/or auto focusing/aperture mechanisms won't work on the Vivitar.
camera manual focus inner programmer	The camera is manual focus, it uses manual focus lenses.
hi ton old hi8 tapes need transfer computer mac firewire 800 hook computer	This camera does not have a firewire connection. It has a female S-Video out and a separate "AV" out female mini plug port. You need a special cord for the AV out, which has male mini-plug on one end and RCA male connectors on the other.
kind batteries camera need cannot seem find description	Doesn't need batteries to operate (well the meter does, common watch 1.5's you can get anywhere). They last for years.
price used	We have several used F100. Prices vary depending on used condition. Just look for Blue Penn, our seller's name, in the used listings. All our cameras have been cleaned and tested. There is also a 90 day warranty. Thank you for shopping our store. We appreicate your business. Blue Penn Cameras
nikon speedlight sb400 work nikon f100 nikon speedlight sb400 work nikon f100	No, the SB400 will start giving off an 'error' signal (blinking red light) when connected to the F100 and switched on. For a similar type Nikon flash, a used SB-30, SB-23, SB-27 or SB-15 would be your better choices. It will work with the SB-800 or SB-28 where full sized flashes are concerned. All of the above apply to the Nikon F-5 as well. Hope that helps :-)
rate camera issue thanks	it was nice the only thing missing was a body cap and the cover for the remote connector but the condition was very nice no major defects scratches or otherwise
f100 made japan still thailand curious though f100's still made japan thailand like lot nikon gear	I think its made in Pittsburgh ;&lt;" :&gt;) "&gt;/
kind lens buy camera	this cmera is manual for student and early level amateur. It is run by 35mm film regular 50mm 1.7 fixed lens or the zoom 35 to 70mm. This cmera and lens is inteded to beginners in the art of photography, and student photografers.
grey market different regular one	Gray market products are products purchased outside the US (for a better exchange rate) and then resold in the US. They do not come with US warranties, only international warranties. For the most part, it is the exact product an authorized dealer would sell just at a cheaper price.
layman's terms difference 18 14 12	They relate to the maximum opening of the shutter in the lens, effectively how much light can be let in. 1.8 is the smallest of the three, and 1.2 is the biggest (read up on aperture and f-stop). 
image stabilizer	No
canon ef 50mm f18 ii standard autofocus lens differ canon ef 50mm f18 ii camera lens	Same thing. Same lens.
nikon f100 monochrome mode	Yeah you put black and white film in it, it's a film camera not a digital
lens compatible eos rebel xs	Yeah it should be compatible with all EOS cannon cameras.
lens compatible 5d mark iii	Yes.
lens work canon t3i	Yes it does
lens work nikon d3000	I don't know all the specifics about Nikon vs Canon, but I would doubt it. Nikon does have a "nifty fifty" for a few more dollars, though. Here is the link:
use canon 6d camera	I don't know about that but I used this once with my Canon Rebel t3i and the sound quality was not great. I since have switched to Rode VideoMic and its a million times better!
purchased one connect t4iwhy	It has an intelligent hot shoe and works with Canon GL1 and GL2 cameras, as well as with Canon XL1 and Canon Xi. I don't know about t41.
work better amplifier find one canon list one	No idea.
lens work well filming videos	Oh yeah!! With the low aperture, the background is all blur so it makes the video look great. You just have to get used to the manual focus, so you don't loose focus.
hv30 compatibility mic work canon hv30	The HV40 has the Advanced Access Shoe. If the HV30 has that, it fits. You could visually compare access shoes by looking at the product pictures for the HV40.
work t2i wondering microphone work t2i canon	Likely not, as it's not self-powered. The T2i requires self-powered microphones.
adapter mount cold shoe anybody know adapter mount mic cold shoe plug mic input camcorder	There are cold shoe adapters, however the DM-50 must be directly inserted into the "S" mini shoe to work.
work vixia hf m50 hd camera thanks	NO, it doesn
work canon hf g20	Works on my Vixia HV40 no problem. Seems to be the standard type connection on top.
work canon vixia hf m40	
8 mm cassettes	yes.
come battery everything	Hi Indychick, Sony CCD-TR818 Camcorder original package contents comes with an AC Adapter, Rechargeable battery, A/V Cable, Shoulder Strap, and Lens Cap. -Vincent
camera play &amp record metal mp120 sony cassettes	I would think not, but do not know for sure. The key is if the cassette fits.
work canon vixia 42 camcorder	It is a standard connection, should work.
camera play 8mm tapes	If you have those HI8 tapes, they should play just fine.
type cord needed playback tv	A VGA cable
play old 8mm video cassettes record new hi8 ones thanks	8mm is mono, hi8 is stereo, dig8 is digital, dig8 can play all formats - same size tapes.
ntsc output make video capture	Since it is analog and not digital, you will need a converter to hook up to your computer to capture the video. 
way get videos onto computer editing digital storage thanks steph	Yes. The best way that I found what to buy a DVD recorder. Buy several blank DVD+Rw, connect your video cam to the dvd recorder via SUPER VHS cable and audio cable, please play on the video cam, the press record on the dvd recorder. 
play hi8 tapes seems working	No, I made the same mistake
work cassette labeled mp kodak video cassette 8mm p6120	Yes. Any 8mm cassette will work.
play old 8 mm tapes	Hi Brandes, yes, the camcorder can play 8mm tapes. Thanks_Mitch
pal ntsc	Ours was stolen years ago while on vacation. So I couldn't tell you. It was a great little camera though
play hi8mm tapes	Yes, you can. I bought this camera for that sole purpose. I have many old tapes and they all played well.
december 2013 chance still get item oilleaking issue	Well, anything is possible but ... I have had one of these since 2008 with no leaking (actually 2 units as I sold one because I had 35mm in a new zoom but bought another new unit just a few months later).
quill work nikon d5200 model	Not if you want Auto-focus. Metering will work.
lens work canon t2i 70d 6d 7d using adapter ring nikon lenses	Yes. Only depends on what kind of adapter ring you're using. The ones without glass would only do macro.
d60 nikon 35mm f2d af know autofocus 4060 models still use manual focus prime	Yes, using this lens with a D40/60 will force you to manually focus each shot.
lens works d750 fully auto focus af lens mother require camera built af mother right sure d750	Your D750 does have an AF motor, so you can use the 35 f2.0 D or any 'D' series lens perfectly, as well as any of the newer AFS lenses. It's an outstanding lens, BTW.
lens auto focus control camera built motor still manual focus lens	I'm told it doesn't auto-focus on camera models ending in X......but I'm not an expert.
work nikin d3700	I assume you mean the D3200 - the 3700 is a compact point and shoot...No, the 35 f 2 won't autofocus on the D3200...the 35 1.8 will, however, and is excellent.
still use metering manual focus d3100	Hi Alex. Yes, you can. If you do not plan to move to a full frame.camera, I would get the newer 35mm AFS DX it is 1.8 and under $200 new on Amazon. 35mm on the D3100 is about 52mm due to the smaller sensor. Will be a great lens for street shooting. Best wishes to you and your Nikon.
work nikon df autofocus	Yes
work d300	It will work fine, but will be like a 52 mm with the 1.5 crop factor...I like the Tokina 35 2.8 macro better, however, for a 'normal' (52 mm equivalent) lens on Nikon DX format bodies..more versatile with its close focusing ability, and less prone to flare from in-frame light sources, and pretty much the same price.
good lens take indoor basketball photos high school gym nikon d7000 best price	I've used this lens on a D7000 for middle school basketball with pretty good results. 
f2840 really f28	It's both because it is a zoom lens. It's 2.8 capable when used at the 24mm setting and 4.0 when zoomed in using the 85mm aspect.
usb firewire port	No, it doesnt have a USB port or firewire port
manually focus af lens	Yes there is a switch to switch from auto to manual
work d7100	Yes. It will work. This is a Dx Lens and you have a Dx camera. It is a great lens.
work nikon d80 autofocus work	I am pretty sure it will not autofocus on the D80.......does the D80 have a built in motor? so I would say only in manual mode
best clear lens filter protection	I like the Hoya NXT UV filter. It's very clear and has a good low profile.
old 8 mm tapes say mp120 &amp say 8mm hs120 work camera turn dvd's looking	My best guess is no. The MP120 and HS120 are designations I have never heard of. 
autofocus nikon d700	Yes
cen transfer soni ccdtrv58 computer	You would need a video card or a device that has rca plugs. Its almost a dead technology, so ebay probably
budget d700 compare 2470mm lens work general wedding shots	The 24-70 f2.8 is a better lens for sure, and much more expensive. But this lens is VERY good, and will do a fine job for weddings.
full frame lens	It fits for both. I use with Nikon D7100, my friend with D700.
lens compatible d40 nikon	Not certain. It may fit, but have no auto focus. It is also a full frame lens, making it heavier than most lenses that are used with your D40.
lens work properly nikon d610	Yes, this lens is fully compatible with your Nikon D610. Hope this helps. Thank you for shopping our store. We appreicate your business. Blue Penn Cameras
work nikon d5100	i know it works with the d7100. the lens' web site says it does work with the d5100. you can check this yourself by going to the lens and picking your camera on the page. 
tthe auto focus work d5200	I do not know for sure, but I suspect not. The lens does not have an internal focus motor of its own, and I believe that the D5200 requires lenses that have their own focus drive motor.
nikon af 28200 f3556 nikkor lens compatible nikon d50	AF 28-200 f/3.5-5.6 nikkor lens is not a motor internal organs. However, Nikon D50 is the motor internal organs. So I work.
lens compatible nikon d2h	Yes, this lens is compatible with the D2H.
lens work d7000	I have the D7000 and the lens will focus with it.
macro dslr using lens digital slr get magnification focal length due 15x image sensor	No you dont. The term 'focal length multiplier', and I am assuming you are referring to this number, does nothing to your focal length.
lens work nikon d60 invest lenshas anyone used d60	I just received one of these today. There is no autofocus on the D60 for this lens, so you have to set it on M. 
d90 compatibility	Yes, D90 can use AF lenses.
nikon d80 anyone think issues using lens nikon d80	I just bought this for my D80. It works perfectly fine. If you zoom in to the max then the built-in flash will cast a shadow (the lens itself is in the way) because you are so close to the object, in that case you need external lighting.
lens work nikon d5100 thanks	Yes! But, manual focus only because this lens requires an AF motor in the body but the d5100 does not have one.
anyone tried lens d7100	Yes I have. No problem with any AI or AI-S lens.
work fit d90 thanks	1. Yes it both works AND fits. The D90 has a motor drive to actuate the older Nikon auto-focus system. And as far as fitting goes: Almost all Nikon lenses fit current Nikon cameras. 
60mm good taking photographs paintings go 100mm	I am sure you already know the answer. It depends. 
anyone lens d50	Autofocus won't work with that. Manual focus only
work nikon d7100thank	Yes! Any auto focus lens nikon makes will work with the D7100 :)
like take landscape photos currently 20 35 mm prime lenses d7100 worth getting lens landscape images	No, this is more of a portrait lens.
worth investment already 18200 porttraits $450 investment lens worth	If you have a D5000, you will have to manually focus the 85mm f1.8D lens. To get an Auto Focus lens for this level of camera would require the 85mm f/1.8G lens. 
lens compatible d7000	It's fully compatible, yes. It will autofocus and meter correctly.
nikon 50mm f18d lens vs nikon 85mm f18d lens major differences two lenses besides price	http://www.5min.com/Video/Portrait-Photography-Tips-72416664 The main difference is the working distance from the subject. 
read lens focus less 6ft anyone experience using extension tubes experiences results	Close in focus is a problem with that lens. I have often found that a problem. 
diam lens filter size	It takes 72mm filters, it's got a plastic threaded front
lens autofocus d7200 autofocus d5100	Yes, this lens will auto focus on the D7200 but not on the D5100. Hope this helps. Thank you for shopping our store. We appreicate your business. Blue Penn Cameras
compatible d7100	Yes it is. The 7100 has the motor drive for auto focus.
work well nikon d5300	yes, but the focal length will be multiplied by 1.5 factor. Meaning it will work as 127mm lens.
lense mount function properly nikon d5300	I do not speak English, I hope to express. I had a camera nikon D80 and now have a nikonD7000 not know if that works with your camera lens.
well lens work nikon d2x	Mine was great on my D2h, almost the same as your D2x. It works great as an auto focus short telephoto at 127mm focal length, 85mm x 1.5 = 127mm. Any Nikon SLR, film or digital that has a tiny screwdriver on the camera lens mount at the 7 o'clock position will work with this type of auto focus lens.
autofocus d90	Yes, and it is a great lens and fairly fast focus. On DX cameras it becomes a 127mm 1.8 lens, great for covering basketball/volleyball/gymnastics, or for portraits. I have a D90 and this lens. (also have a D600 I use it with).
close picturesis right one	It lacks macro capability and its closest focus distance is 5 feet. If you can fill the frame with an object at that distance you can use it. 
d40 work autofocus feature	Hello Richard. No, unfortunately, the older Nikon 70-300 lenses, specifically the D and G types (non-VR), WILL NOT auto-focus on the D40 family DSLR's.
work nikon d4	It does verry good work.you can use nikon d4 ,5000,7200 ,7000 ,5100.
lens work new nikon d7000	Yes, this lens is fully compatible with your D7000. Hope this helps. Thank you for shopping our store. We appreicate your business. Blue Penn Cameras
work d3300	Probably not, it did not work for AF on my D5000, I got this lens with my N70 years ago, still a good lens though.
work nikon d750 body particular autofocus	this lens will AF on a d750, but you'll need to use a tripod to get clean shots as it isn't stabilized. you'd be better off with a stabilized telephoto like the 70-300 VR.
willl work nikon n55	Hi, thanks question. This lens can work for Nikon n55. Thanks in advace.
auto focus work nikon d3100	No, this is a manual lens and I bought it knowing that, I have a D3100, too. My recent experience with autofocus 300mm lenses is their focus is spotty and they don't hold up well or for long. 
flash come original pouch ir filter adapter	I recieved the pouch but i do not believe the filter was included
item compatible nikon d3200	It is not compatible with the camera but will flash off when shutter button is pressed. The SB50 DX would flash but not sync with latest Nikon cameras.
compatible nikon d5100	Dear Roxana, I do believe it will work on you digital Nikon. Although it was made to use on my film N80 I don't see any reason it wont work on your D5100. 
bought nikon d40 work swear saw working	only first series of Digital cameras and film cameras.
camera manual available camera	Hi Phyllis, This flash is for Nikon cameras, and ours, regrettably, does not come with the manual. However, I did find an electronic version of the manual online: http://www.nikonusa.com/pdf/manuals/Speedlights/SB-50DX.pdf Thanks for your interest!
soft case infrared filter well	It came with the soft case, but i dont recall anything about the infra red....but if u are asking about if it flashes when the camera sends a signal causing it to flash then yes it does have infra red...hope this helps
nikon7100 would lens work well camera would manual focus thanks	Focus would be automatic as the 7100 has a focus motor. The nice thing for you right now is that if you purchase this lens and dont like it (highly unlikely) you could always resell it for the same price you paid. 
lens work nikon f5	yes and it's amazing. I love the F5 and this lens together, they are both huge, heavy and tough in a way new plastic things are not.
dx fx kind camera lens good	Since the D40 doesn't have in-body focusing motor, you would only be able to use it as a manual focus lens. Also, the effective focal length on your D40 is 122.
autofocus nikon d60 body	Absolutely. Simply set the aperture ring to 1.4 and lock it with the manual lock on the ring. Attach it to the camera and take incredible lowlight pictures with amazing clarity.
one every problem lens af ring stuck infinity turn	Never. Would not think it possible, unless a defective item. And it does happen. Used to not. But nowadays, most things suffer. Get it serviced. Lens is very simple in design and believe by nature it could not stick unless defective.
work d5000	It should work. Almost all Nikon SLRS, digital or non-digital, use the f-mount lenses. You should be able to use old and new lenses with the d5000. The only thing that won't work is the auto focus. I have the exact same lens using it with the d5100.
lens work d5200	It will work with your 5200, but if it is not equipped with a built in auto focus motor (in camera body) you will have to focus manually.
come w nikon esc certificate4yr manufacturer warranty	The answer is not straight forward but here you go If the lens is new and bought through a dealer then the warranty is the 4 year Nikon Warranty if it's used or new but through a non Nikon dealer then no I hope I helped
looking portraiture fashion lens use w nikon d800e nikkor 85mm f14d af lens compare w zeiss otus 85mm f14 apo planar	I don't know because I never had Zeiss Otus lens. But Nikkor 85mm f/1.4D is a great lens.
work new d750 fx	Will perfectly work with D750
work d90	Absolutely! Great lens! Set aperture ring to 1.4, lock it and the D 90 does the rest. Great results.
work d700	Yes, works great on a D700!
work d200	Hi Eric, Your D-200 and the 28-70 are made to be together, get one and get them married up. I have the 28-70 on my D-200, and it works great for me.
price difference lens following httpwwwamazoncomnikon2470mm2	Hello, other than 4mm in the zoom and the nano coating on the 24-70, nothing. If u wanna get technical they are completely different parts internally but they perform almost identically. 
work d300 good lens indoor sports ie basketball	It will work on D300 as far as sports goes it only goes to 70mm most sports sports photographers have a 70-200 2.8, but with that said it is still a great lens.
would great lens shooting weddings d7100 cant really swing 2470 right	Yes, definitively! A little narrower angle of view doesn't really make that much difference! I have used this lens for over two years and never think of switching it to 24-70!
work d5100	This will work. Same mount. BTW, you'll love this lens. I use it almost all the time.
control aperture aperture ring	Hi Vergue We tried the Nikon 28-70 and it can not be control with the aperture ring only. The aperture can only be controlled by camera body. Thank you. C&W lens
please give serial number lens thanks	The one I have is "US 275400"
nikkor 14mm wide angle lens tried take pictures changing aperture setting wouldn' let take pictures unless f22	The apertue setting is set to f22 on the lens and then you can change the aperture via the camera. That is normal for all D lenses.
14mm equivalent 18mm	Assuming you are referring to the equivalent when used on a DX body, and that you want to use this lens on a DX body, such as the D7000, the crop factor is actually 1.5. So that means 14x1.5= 21. Thus when compared to a 35mm (FX) sensor this lens works similarly to a 21mm lens.
lens autofocus d5200	Yes. This lens should auto focus on any Nikon Digital SLR. The issue for you is the focal length. A D5200 has an APS-C sensor and the 14mm lens is designed for full frame sensors. 
lens compatible d7100	Yes, it will act as a 21mm due to the DX capabilities of the D7100.
lens compatible nikon d3000	Manual only. Will be 21mm full frame eqivilant. Go with Tokina 11-16. New model out now. . Best bang for buck.
body plastic composite one know made thanks	This is in line with the rest of the gold ring pro Nikon lenses. The barrel is metal along with the internal workings. Made in Japan. High quality and designed for a long service life. Check the Nikon web site for more details.
lens work nikond 800e	It only manually focused on my d600. Not sure if I bought a bad copy or what. I returned it and purchased the 16-35mm. Good Luck!
af d600	Yes
len work nikon d600 thanks	Yes actually I use it on a d600
I received lens dated 27march2014 issue using 14mm lens d3 camera though spec shows compatible le	What problems are you having?
work nikon d7100	yes
work d700	Yes it does - this is the combination I use. It will work on any Nikon SLR that can handle physical autofocus (ie not on lowe d D40 etc.)
lens compatible nikon d7100	Yes, even though it's an FX lens, it will work on DX cameras. I've used it on a D5200.
work w d700 d300s cameras camera	yes this lens will work on a d700 and a d300s both those cameras have a motor that will work the AF system. It will not work properly on the lesser models like d5100 or d3200. 
auto focus nikon d5200 made quick purchase realized later may compatibility issues compatibility problem damage camera body thanks help	You definitly will NOT damage the camera body, but you also will NOT be able to auto focus that lens. I used it on a D60. Worked great without the ability to auto focus. 
work d7000	Yes, it does.
lens af d610	The lens does auto-focus on a D610 (and a D7000 as well), working great with either camera.
anyone know autofocus d100 trying pick new lens old thing still takes great photos	Yes
I new photography I practicing nikonwill work nikon d40 thanks	The D40 only autofocuses with the latest AF-S lenses. This lens is not good for D40. You may want to read this http://www.kenrockwell.com/nikon/compatibility-lens.htm
work d7100	Yes, it will work but you will have to consider the cropping factor.
lens made japan	Yes
d5200 lens work nikon 14 teleconverter camera body	Yes it should work fine. I have the same setup on my D7100 and the results are great. Slightly more difficult to focus on small distant objects with the teleconverter attached.
usa lens grey market	If the lens is sold by Amazon.com, it will be the USA version. If it's sold on Amazon by a third party, verify with them that it is not grey market.
use sigma 14 teleconverter lens need nikon tc	hello. not sure about the sigma, but i've been able to use the tamron pro SP X1.4 TC w/ the Nikon 300mm, F/4 lens w/ good results.
widest effective aperture lens nikon d7100	f4.0. The DX format does not affect the aperture, only the effective field of view and focal length. That lens on a DX is the equivalent of a 450mm on an FX format camera.
good lens high school sports photography thanks	I use my 300MM f4 for bird photography and I usually have it coupled with the 1.4 teleconverter. The great thing about this setup is that I can shoot it hand-held and it's not too heavy to carry around.
work nikon d810 also ship united states guess meant store located united states	Please refer the manufactures page for the spec. I can ship to us.
dos lens vr feature	No it does not but don't let that discourage you it's a terrific lens in this price range I use a tripod the best VR you can have
zoon work well nikon d80	Its a prime lens so it has a constant zoom. I used a D90 and it worked perfectly well.
could provide pictures used lens different angles thank	Hello F.K. Ben, We would gladly provide you with photos of this lens, but we cannot attach files via this forum.
use lens nikon d5200	No because this lens does not have an internal focusing motor this lens needs a camera body with a built in focusing system You could use it as a manual focusing lens though
use len nikon 800	Yes sir. Its definitely a full frame lens. I use the d610. And the macro on this lens is great
fit nikon d3100	I don't think so. This particular lens does not have internal motor for focus as well as Nikon D3100. This lens will fit D7000,, and all full format Nikon cameras.
use lens nikon 700 camera	Yes. No problem at all.
fit samsung nx300	No, not directly any ways as it has a different mount than that of nikon. Try to find if there is a mount adapter.
lens used d5500	Yes, but I would not recommend it. The lens will have to be manually focused. It is a "d" style lens and requires the focusing mechanism to be driven by the camera. The camera does not have the internal focusing mechanism to do this. . . bgs
listed af lens autofocus	It does autofocus
lens focus quietly f18 af noisy well	Do you mean the 50mm f/1.8 D? I do not have any personal experience with 50mm f/1.8 D, but I have with the 50mm f/1.8 G. So comparing the AF noise on G vs. D (specifically: the 50mm f/1.4 D vs. the 50mm f/1.8 G, as also similar for the 85mm G vs.D) I would say that the D series have a moderate level of noise, nothing extreme but especially in a very quite environment you can hear it. 
lens auto focus nikon d50	Yes. The D50 will autofocus both types of autofocus Nikon lenses. I used to have the D50 and I'm sure of it.
lens work d90 best option money portraits	Yes, this lens will work on your D90. I bought one by mistake for my Nikon D5000 which does not have an internal focus motor.
use lense nikon d600	I would assume so.
pretty sure want make sure use auto focus d300s	absolutely yes.
autofocus work nikon d3300	No
travel photography would another alternative lens might missed	This lens is second to none. It has great contrast and clarity even at f/2.8. 
take $ 95000 17mm35 mm lenes buy today waiting answer	how about $1100?
work d300s amazon knows d300s says compatible	According to www.kenrockwell.com, it should be compatible
fx dx lens	It's meant for FX, but it can be used on a DX camera body. If used with a DX body, the lens becomes equivalent to 25.5 - 52.5 mm lens, which isn't very wide.
1735mm f28 2470mm f28g I done research still could decide choose nikon's 17mm35mm f28d 24mm70mm f28g	Id say pick the 17-35 if you intend to stay on DX size for another 5yrs... the 50mm covers the middle of the 24-70 so moving your feet will cover that distance, but the 17-35 will allow for group shots and landscapes/buildings... the 24 will limit that somewhat.... my2cents!
would af work d5100	This can absolutely be used on a D5100 with some limitations, notably you will not be able to use auto-focus or built in light metering. Keep in mind many, many photos have been -- and will be -- taken without AF or metering.
nikon 28mm f2 lens work nikon d3200	Nikon offers two types of autofocus digital camera bodies: those with a built-in focus drive motor and those which require a lens to have a motor.
received electronic aperture control work d600 I 50mm f14d normal	No
lens wont's work d40	It will work but you have to focus it manualy it will not auto focus
work d7100	Yep!
lens auto focus option manual focus lens	Whenever it says "AF" it is Auto Focus.
wanted know lens 28 mm f 28 af works nikon d610 used fx body thank much	Yes -- it's a lens designed to cover a full frame, and it will work just fine on the d610. I have had one for years, and I like it. 
lens work nikon d100	Yes, this lens is an FX lens and will work with full frame or cropped frame sensors.
work d80	I'm not familiar with the D80, but I can tell you that if your camera has an internal focusing motor, it will work just fine. I used it on a D90 (the direct successor to the D80) without issue, and now it's my primary lens on my D7000. Just keep in mind that this lens was designed for a full-frame sensor. 
lens fit d3200 nikon camera	Lisa, the lens will fit but not autofocus. The D-AF lenses do not have an internal motor in the lens so they require a camera that has a motor in the camera body for AF.
good d5100d5200	the lens I have in an old manual focus only, but it mounts and works great
lens work w nikon film camera n65	Yes. I have used it with N90s as well as digital cameras - it works well with all
lens fit nikon d7000 camera	Yes. All functions work perfectly with it on my D7000.
listing af lens description clearly says manual mf	I didn't see anything on the page that had a all manual lens (although Nikon does still make one) every lens on the page is an AF lens with the capability of also being used as a manual lens if you turn off the AF feature. Hope that helps
lens come amazon nikon usa warranty	This depends upon the actual supplier/seller. Some sources, selling through Amazon, may offer "grey market" product. This is normally noted in the item description, as is a "USA Warranty".
lens flares lens good lens flares	Yes it is. It is a fabulous lens
work d700	Yes it will it's a full frame FX lens it will work on any Nikon :)
lens work nikon df nikon d5100 purchased tokina 100mm said would work camera	It should. It works on my D7100. (I'm traveling now and I don't have this lens with me so I can't be exact) On the lens, there's this switch that has to be moved.
could tell pay internacional tax even item used	Hi, thanks question. It will be borne by the purchaser if the tariff is applied. Thanks in advance.
work d7100	I'm not sure. It may not auto focus, so you'd have to rely on manual focus.
compatible nikon d50	Yes! Works fine!
lens auto focus d50 body	Works fine on my D-50
lens fit nikon d5100 camera	It will "fit", for sure. I am not sure if this lens has a focus motor. The D5100 does not have a built in focus motor. The lens works perfectly mith my D7000, which does have a built in focus motor. Sorry if I confuse you. BTW, the D5100 is every bit as good as the D7000, minus the bells and whistles.
nikon 2880 f3356g nikkor zoom lens use nikon d3000 camera	Yes. This lens will work on this Nikon model. Very good lens, especially for portrait and some close ups....
work nikon d80 autofocus work	This is a type "G" lens which should autofocus with the Nikon D80. Reference this chart... https://support.nikonusa.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/57/~/what-lenses-can-i-use-with-the-d100,-d80,-d70s,-d70,-or-d50%3F
lens aperture setting	No - it a G series lens. No aperture ring. Here is a paragraph I lifted from Ken Rockwell's site (kenrockwell.com) that says much. 
lens works nikon d40	No it will not. The D40 does not work with lenses that are just "AF", they must be "AF-S" and have an AutoFocus Motor in the lens.
good take pics animals rescues shelters sometimes need take photo distance 50 feet times close nikon d3000 slr mostly use auto sometimes distance 200 lens	And don't use your camera on auto, use it on A (apperture priority), set iso on auto with min shutter speed 300 or 400 for moving targets, then play with apperture ( change the f ) and see how you get best results.
lens work nikon d700	Of course it does.
compatible nikon d90	Yes it is.
autofocus work d3100	No
lens work manual focus d3300	Yes, only with manual focus since the D3300 does not have autofocus motor in body.
lens compatible d3300	I'm not sure. The autofocus doesn't work with a D3200, but I don't know whether the D3300 upgrade fixed that problem.
scratches blemishes glass lens	I bought it NEW and therefore have no sign of usage.
work fujifilm finepix s2 pro	It will work provided your camera has a built in focus motor. It sounds like it does since it's based on the Nikon N80. According to DP Review (http://www.dpreview.com/reviews/fujis2pro): "The S2 Pro has a Nikon F lens mount, it can accept almost any Nikkor F mount lens.
work d700	That's exactly what I use it on
work nikon d80	I have a D90 and it worked fine -----
lens work nikon d5100	The auto focus will not work. Other than that it will work fine.
lens fit nikon d50 camera	Yes Hilary, Nikon is very good about backward compatibility almost without exception any lens will fit any body. One big difference is the angle of view. The imaging sensor in most digital cameras is smaller than 35mm film, measuring about 23 x 16mm.
manual aperture ring	Yes, it does have a manual aperture ring. It does not have image stabilization. I believe Ken Rockwell has a chart of camera compatibility. I'm using it on an FM2n. 
anyone tried lens nikon df	It works with the DF.
lens work nikon d3100	No
work d5200	It will most likely (Check Ken Rockwell's site or Google "Nikon Lens Compatibility) but the question is will it serve your needs? 1. This is a film lens with no image stabilization. 2.
would len work nikon d2x	Yes
fx full frame lens work d610	Yes it works on a d610
lens work nikon digital camera	Yes, I use this as my primary lens on my Nikon D700
nikon n90s 35mm film lens work	Yes, this lens covers a full frame, which includes 35mm film.
lens work nikon n90s camera	It's should. Look for Ken Rockwell's review online.
wide angle lense lense work nikon d3200	This is a wide angle lens for a full frame camera. On a crop sensor it will be about 36mm. It will not autofocus on a camera that doesn't have a focus motor.
lens work nikon d70 body	yes, it will work with D70.
work d5100 camera	In manual focus only. The d5100 does not have a focus motor to drive the auto focus
barrel metal plastic	The mount is metal, and the internals appear to be metal too. The external casing is plastic. The filter ring is plastic. The overall feel is very solid.
compatible nikon d300	Yes it will work but as the d300 is not full from it will have a focal length of ~30mm
lens compatible nikon 3100	It will work but as a manual focus only. The 3100 doesn't have an autofocus motor so it depends on the lens to have one built in. Your autofocus will work with any lens that has "AF-S" or "AF-I" in the descriptor, but this one is just "AF".
anyone used d800 share feedback andor photos	It is actual for FX cameras, so I'm pretty sure it will work with the D800. I do not have images but i can tell you that it focuses very quickly.
lens come front lens cap rear lens cap	It sure did. the ones that come from Amazon directly are in the original Nikon USA packaging and come with all accessories.
used nikon d300 body	The D300 has an internal autofocus motor, so it will work with the older lenses such as the 24mm f2.8, but because of the DX sensor it will have the equivalent field of view as a 35mm lens on a 35mm film camera.
lens work nikon d5200	The 80-400 does not have an integral autofocus motor (AF-S), so the D5200 will not autofocus with this lens. The lens will work in manual focus mode, and all other features of the lens should work.
fx dx lens	Technically, it's an FX lens. In other words, it will cover the full frame format sensor. However, I use this lens on a DX format camera.
lens work d3200	It will work but since it is an FX lens your new focal length will be 120mm - 600mm
work d3200	It will work, but only as a manual focus lens.
autofocus d610 aperture set camera controls lens	Yes, you can use on D610 with auto focus and can set the aperture both on camera controls and on lens.
would 14 x teleconverter work lens nikon d3200	It will not autofocus with a d3200. You will need a camera body with an autofocus motor like a d7100.
hello new 80400mm version money stretch older version concerns lens dx	This lens will not autofocus on camera bodies that only support AF-S lenses. 
aperture ring manual control	Mine has one that goes from 32 to 4.5 and I use it a lot for evening and early morning shots.
nikon d3000 lens work model	LeeAnn, yes! it will work with any Nikon DSLR, "F" mount camera. If the D3000 is a DX format, this lens will give you the equivalent of a 120 to 600 zoom. 
newbie d5100 understand reviews say autofocus &amp say	The D5100 only autofocuses with the latest AF-S lens, and also older professional AF-I lens. Briefly, AF-S lens have a built-in motor to drive the focusing mechanisms on the lens, whereas AF lens rely on the motor in the camera body (like the D90 or the D7000).
lens compatible nikon d3300	Yes, it's compatible. But you won't get the autofocus feature. You will need an AF-S lens.
d40x lens options could someone recommend one two good starter lenses	It is actually much better to spend a lot of money on a lens rather than a camera body. 
fit d3100 nikon 50mm f18d af nikkor lens fit work nikkon d3100	Yup, if you're comfortable using manual focus this will work with your D3100. With that said, I'd probably put my money towards the 35mm 1.8 (Nikon 35mm f/1.8G AF-S DX Lens for Nikon Digital SLR Cameras).
nikon 50mm f18d af nikkor lens used nikon d5000 curious nikon 50mm f18d af nikkor lens used nikon d5000	That case, is there any lens that autofocuses with D5000 with the spec of lens similar to this Nikon 50mm f/1.8D AF?
good first lens nikon d90 plan using night day	Yes it is a good lense. I have the 35mm as we'll. if you are going to be taking more picture inside than out, I would go with the 35mm. 
compaible nikon d40x	It can only be focused manually on the Nikon D40x I believe... according to this website (http://www.nikonians.org/reviews?alias=nikon-slr-camera-and-lens-compatibility).
work problem d7000 read autofocus dosn't work d7000	Yes it will. Here is a link from the kenrockwell.com site. http://www.kenrockwell.com/nikon/d7000.htm Just get it, trust me you won't be sorry. I love mine.
error message reading 50mm f18d something wrong	Hi. I purchased the same lens 2 days ago and yes, I am a novice using a D300. I have the same 'err' reading but when i switch and locked to f/22 i realised that the camera body electronically controls the aperture setting - which you can obviously set in 'A' mode. 
lens work compatible d90 nikon camera	Yes. I used it on my D90. It is slow in low light and does a lot of searching, but it does fine in good light.
lens work 7000 camera	Yes, it fully works with nikon d7000.
work nikon d5100	See http://www.kenrockwell.com/nikon/80400vr.htm and http://www.kenrockwell.com/nikon/80-400mm.htm They describe respectively the older one which won't autofocus on your d5100 and the new, more expensive one, which will --- diff abt 1k
got lens yesterday excited use took picture even auto blurred	Usually that means the shutter speed was to set below 250 sec.
anyone know amazon says work d7100 thought fmount lens work fmount camera	I tested the Amazon compatibility apps for your model of camera and my D90 and it's telling me it doesn't work for both of them.
80200 f28 ed made made 80200 f28 ed amazon selling site	yap!!..its a nikon.
fast lens focus wedding events big difference 70200 vr vrii	The lens focus is not as fast as the 70-200 VR but it works well outdoors. Indoors it hunts for a focus in AF-S but is reasonable.
work nikon d80	Yes it will, including auto-focus.
lens work d600 difference nikon lens 70 200mm f28 80 200 f28	Yes. The lens will work on your D600. Other than the 10mm focal length difference compared to the 70-200 2.8, the 70-200 has VR (vibration reduction). 
pushpull version	No, it is not a push/pull version. Product link to Nikon's website for it too. 
users lens d7000 issues soft focus backfocus	I did have a small back focus problem with this lens. The D7000 allows for fine adjustments in the menu. You can find some easy tests to do on youtube for back focus. 
d200 need better lens capture swim competition photos work	Yes, I couldn't imagine a better lens for it.
time limit stop button resume play stopped	I do not think there is a time limit. Keiko
turn automatically end cd	Definitely. But most of these units can be set to play over and over again, to play the same section again, or play randomly. 
plug sound system rca cables play cds shows canned music also pause times thanks	No
cd player repeat	I use this player to listen to audio book CD's only. It stops at the end of the CD and does not start automatically again.
work d300 camera	Yes. Fully compatible, both metering and AF.
cd player autoplay shuffle pause function	This player does have a pause function, but not shuffle. Don't know what autoplay is.
discman play mp3	No, its stricly for CD's. I have however burned MP3 music to CD to listen to.
hard drive want replace 5400 rpm replace faster one	Yes
many come casebox I looking purchase bulk western digital wd800bb 80gb udma100 7200rpm 2mb ide hard drive	I suppose only one in a box. Try to increase the quantity at the checkout.
current hard drive 135 gb compacidewill hard drive work	Yes and you will have to set the pins with a jumper for recognition of a second drive and plug it into the IDE cable as the second, you might have to unplug something. then copy the drive *.* and you've duplicated it.
hard drive come cover disk open like shows picture	with cover over the disk.
hard drive compatible hp 750n pavilion desktop order get refund	This hard drive is compatible with your computer. Just make sure that your external connection (pins) on your hard drive matches your new hard drive pins, (IDE or SATA).
use hard drive ps3	Hello, Yes. http://science.opposingviews.com/use-external-wd-hard-drive-ps3-10640.html
drive work emachine t4160	I do not why not.
ide	I believe it is looking at the pictures provided, it looks like it.
theer cover drive	this is a complete covered drive. you don't get what they show in the picture. I have no idea why they show harddrives this way..
use holga 120 camera	Yes, this is a great stock for the Holga 120
many exposures get	It all depends!! for a camera at a 6 x 6 format, it will give 12 exposures. If you use 6 x 4.5 format, you will get 15 or 16 exposures. If you use 6 x 7 or 6 x 9 format, you will get 8 exposures.
film expire	It depends on the date of manufacture. Each roll has a different and appropriate expiration date based on the batch it came from.
work edixamat reflex	In the 35mm format, yes, you can use it.
hi use film early zeissikon baby box tengor 5418 box camera thanks	you can not use it with out cutting it you can buy 127film at bhphotovideo on line
used brownie hawkeye box camera	Yes. Use a 620 spool on the take up side and you should have no problems.
120 size mean	120 is the size of the film like 35mm film
used diana f	Yes.
good subsitute kodakx cx 127 film use brownie starflex outfit	This is a black and white !20 size film. You need 127 size---there is a big difference and they are not interchangeable.
film work yashica44 kind liiks like vertical brick got one suspecting 120mm	I'm not sure if it will work Yashica -44 is a twin-lens reflex camera that one used a 127 film it a little smaller film no longer being made. 
kind plug rcs jacks usb	Dual mini-jacks, one for sound, one for microphone.
plug samsung galaxy s4 right size plug	No. it uses two of the plugs that go into a laptop.
good use rosetta stone	Excellent; however, put tape over the back side so that it does not pick up room noise.
best mic microphone comes dragon good suggest better microphone	I am using the free microphone that comes with Dragon Home 12. The free one was better than Plantronics Audio 628 listed in Dragon website. 
hook usb	No
work windows 7 notebook pc need speech text	I bought it for speech to text and it works just great.
good rosetta stone	Very Well. Enjoy.
line volume control mute button	No, just the headset, with a 10 foot usb cord.
matter two plugs put two ports interchangeable	Yes, it matters very much. The gray one is the microphone, the black is the headphone. Period.
mike place either side	Yes
cs100 ok windows version 81	Works with any computer that has headphone jack and microphone jack
connect usb one 18 plug two	It has to two connect, one for headphone and another for mic. No USB.
type hoop goes computer	I have no idea what a hoop up is, and I think you mean end, not and. It has two 1/8 inch plugs, one for the microphone, and one for the earphone.
use windows 8 speech dictation	You should, provided the connections are right. The microphone can be positioned directly in front of one's mouth, so clarity can be assured. Keep in mind that with almost any speech recognition system there will be a learning period both on your part and the machine's part.
50mm f18d af compatible w d70 lens af nikon d70	TMP, I just tried this on my lens and got the same error. I have never needed to adjust aperture manually and would rather have the camera do this anyway. 
could one detach microphone altogether use headset	Yes
long cord	About 290cm.
usb adaptor	yes it has a USB plug (not an adapter)
work dell pc softinternet phone calling	Yes
total height bottom base tip ant also lentgh coax	It is 18 inches tall. I didn't measure length of coax but it was sufficient to run from the left rear corner of the roof, through the tail gate, under seats, to the CB under the dash in my 2015 Dodge Durango, with a little to spare.
mute buttonswitch cord	No, there are no buttons/switches on the cord
anyone used headset rosetta stone program	I have not but I have used the headset with Nuance Dragon software and they work excellently. Other than that I don't know how they would with Rosetta product. 
connect tv	No. This antenna has a PL-259 connector on the end of the cable. To connect to a TV you need an F-type connector. Technically you may can find an adapter that will make it work, but you won't get a very good signal.
range antenna	About 2 miles.
long wire antenna	the coaxial cable is 15ft long
tall antenna	21 inches
headset boom mic connected unit know midland remote unit	No....only an external speaker can be connected (which is highly recommended)
antennas recommended	I don't know what is recommended but I use wilson antennas on all my cb's I have used a lot of different brands and have found the wilson's to be consistantly good.
according description says works 2630 mhz mean work 10m ham band	Yes
control box come handheld	Hello, The radio is the hand held. It has a box that connects the radio to the 12v power and antenna input which is contained in a small metal box.
many pins	It's a direct plug and play....it's not worth it I gave mine away
come saddle place hand unit handheld	Yes. It comes with a metal bracket and screws.
possible hook blue tooth transmitter use blue tooth head set	Yes
cb come connection box	Yes
sorry missed looking install first cb radio jeep come attached length coax bnc much	This antenna comes with a ~10 ft cable attached. I ran it from the back of my Toyota FJ cruiser to the front under dash mounted cb radio with some length to spare. 
work 2 exterminate speakers need put front seat think one side would nice	It will show in the picture the main"box" . I believe there is a port for a speaker. The hand held speaker is quite efficient tho. Unless you really want to blast
fit uniden cb	All c b radio's have the same connection so yes and it is a very good antenna
average range	I'm using this antenna with the cobra 25lx radio and I get about 2 miles during rush hour traffic, it also depends on the equipment others are using. Hope this helps
use antenna standard mount magnet mounted	Antenna is removable from mount but I think it is mount specific. I don't believe it will screw into conventional mounts or spring. Look into a firestick.
fiberglass metal	It is metal.
tall actuall antenna	The total measurement from base magnet to tip of antenna is THREE FOOT, SIX INCHES
I read dead key radio 3 watts correct also way lower 1 watt radio	Yes, and a radio technician can lower the output. To locate a good technician near you contact your police, ambulance, or fire department to find out who they use.
need adapter connect midland 75822 ty advance 1st timer	This antenna unit has a standard PL-259 connector. If your Midland uses a BNC, you can get one at Radio Shack, before they go out of business.
buy antenna work hand held portable cb im also buying	Yes
would run wire antenna top suv inside please	I would do it two ways drill a hole in the middle of the roof run the coax thru that way or I would put the antenna to the back run the coax thru the hatch thru the paneling to the front run it down to under the rug to the cb
could replace antenna firestik tuneable antenna wondering connections	I would say no, the antenna is only about 1/8 thick.
buy	Walgreens usually carries these for $9.99 on sale, $11.99 regular price. I just checked two weeks ago they had a couple of pairs in stock. I bought my last ones at Target for $10.00. 
$10 less fine $40 thanks anyone found good comparable substitute	I haven't. Target used to carry an equivalent for about $10.00 but no longer available
expensive last time bought 995 pair	ITEM IS DISCONTINUED and no more available from Sony - I got this from retail for a very high price
headphones used sell $10 price skyrocketed	Sony discontinued these, which caused a severe shortage of a popular design and sound. Simple supply and demand. 
adjustable small heads	I have a pretty big head (7 1/2), and I use the setting that's about 3/4 of the way toward the maximum size.
headband adjustable	Yes.
tried sonxtronic xdr8000 good sony mdrw08l	No.
anyone tell cheap headphones currently going $14988	Sony discontinued so sellers have to pay crazy prices to get them. sonxtronic xdr-8000 and sonxtronic xdr-8001 are very comparable products, that (currently) have better supply and a much better price new.
hear sound left ear piece right one supposed like one side broke	I think it is broken. Mine works on both sides. BUT this is my second set of these headphones, the first pair broke in exactly the way you are describing - left ear piece stopped working.
cancel noise	what sort of noise is it ? and what is the equipment type you want to use it with ?
speaker connect ham radio	Yes, it can. It just has the regular male plug that is the same size that fits a CB, is on the end of ear buds, etc. Hope this helps.
says 15 watts power would assume amplified speaker get power batteries	- I don't believe this is an actual amplified speaker.. An Amplified speaker, for automotive application, usually is powered by 12 volts, which is a separate red/black wire.
although advertisement says noise cancellation many reviews boast sound transmission I looking something	I just bought mine and I think it sounds great
real anc active noise cancelling make reverse phaseor reduce white noise	Just reduces white noise. My opinion.
speaker require batteries	No, it uses a passive filter
u load adobe photoshop program laptop	Unfortunately, no. The OS system is outdated.
I considering buying laptop school work easy understand use well hold memory documents	Yes. It is very easy to use. Good for BASIC documentation and storage. Don't know if it will hold up to today's school work.
hello ths laptop wireless wifi ready order nba league pass able download games onto laptop get quality video	When I bought this, I thought it was ready for wifi but it's not. I'm thinking I need to purchase an airport card (extra $30). I can't get an answer on this. Sorry, not sure I helped.
add wifi labtop	Yes, but you have to have an air port card.
spot cds dvds	Yes
skype downloaded used	No. Skype can't be used on the iBook G4 either
pc use gaming one gaming	No
wifi	yes
need av switch hook dvd player roku tv hdmi	You need to hook up the DVD player and roku separately. You would buy this if you only had one input on your tv and this would be able to switch between which device went into the tv.
two inputs selected time eg speakers headphones simultaneously	There are two answers to this, no only one channel can be elected at a time however there is a headphone output on the device itself so you could have headphones on that and have it push out to the speakers.
input ipad choose different speakers use headphone jacks	No, this is for Composite (red, white, yellow cables) and/or S-Video connections.
received mine today push hold button works button stay trick pushing buttons	It sounds like you may have a bad unit. These buttons act like old radio buttons, push one in and the others pop out.
would work roku	It is a simple manual s-video/composite (rca) switch. It will work with anything that has those outputs...
anyone used successfully audioonly setup powered speakers want switch 4 sources	This should certainly work. Just match the colors of the audio-in, that is stereo - (white and red rca in) with the audio-out and you can then switch between the sources
work 5 lead cables sure called	I have no idea what kind of cable you are speaking of. This device uses standard audio RCA type connectors as input to each stereo input.
rewriteable	No, they are not.
buy white paper envelopes size disc	I purchased it through Amazon.com. The store is called Supermediastore. http://www.supermediastore.com/ I hope this helps...
corded mouse five times price wireless tracball mouse	Logitech no longer makes this product due to patent infringement case that they lost, and this product has achieved a 'cult' status with trackball users.
work sony mavica camera	Several years ago when mavica discs were not available I bought a 5pack of these discs at kmart, and they work very well - but the sony mavica camera seems angry - always reminds me with a note on the screen ' mavica discs recommended'. I ignore the message.
wheel much better m570 logitech $45 $150 price seems like typo	It is superior to the wireless for gamers due to the (slight) lag time of a wireless mouse vs. a wired mouse. 
sony video camera wondering disc good	These miniature audio CD's. They only hold abut 350megs of data. If you have a video camera you need to burn them on DVD+R or DVD-R to be compatible in today's DVD players.
difference trackman grey silver color	Not that I know of...
mouse '70s computer mice virtually nonexistent first kind thus high prices	These are worth every penny if you want a Trackman for use with a KVM switch (typically in server room), otherwise get yourself a Logitech M570.
selling $250 paid $40 mine	Some Amazon sellers use computer programs to compare other sellers' prices. Most of the time it allows sellers to undercut their competitors' prices by a few cents, but it sometimes leads to bizarre "robot price wars."
need unifing device item	My trackball is perfect
shipping problem cannot posted apo address	There are at least three reasons some merchants won't ship to an APO: Firstly, packages can only be sent via the USPS and, worse, the USPS requires packages sent to APO/FPO addresses to be *hand-delivered.*
trackball less stressful thumb thetrackman wheel marble mouse problem	Your question dates from February, so I'm guesssing you've long since moved on, but just in case.... [The Marble mouse really did help since I didn't have to grip the mouse to move across the screen. Not having a scroll button, however, hurt my thumb as well.]
adjusting trackball speed one ever tried using drivers another logitech trackball trackball wheel	I have Vista and use Logitech's SetPoint utility. 
fully autofocus canon t3i	Absolutely, I have it on my 60D and I'm very pleased with the performance, great all purpose all around lens.
lens work canon rebel t3	Yes .. this lens will work with the Canon Rebel T3, BUT .. with limits. The T3 has more electronics than this lens is equipped to 'communicate' with. 
lens fit d5300 dslr	No, not a DSLR lens.
suitable full frame cameras ie canon 6d	No
high pricethey 4000 new walmart item	Sanwa Supply Optical Trackball MA-TB39 Best replacement I have found. About $60 shipped.
lens work cannon rebel eos t1i	No it works on Nikon cameras only! I found out the hard way!
work canon eos rebel t2i	yes, works fine in my camera
lens work canon eos 10d digital camera	Yes. It will work just fine.
lens autofocus nikon d5100	I doubt it, it has a Canon mount which is not compatible with Nikon.
dose remote come	Yes. But sice they are all bought used, make sure the seller has included it.
camera compatible mac pro transfering film editing	Yes is compartible with Mac pro and the FCP programs
sd card user	Does not use so card, only minidv
transfer footage computer usb ports	I order a program from Amazon called Avermedia EZ maker 7
transfer film computer editing cassette	Hi, You transfer the footage over to your computer using a firewire cable. If you have any other questions please let us know.
film night infrared	i have no idea
bought lens figure lens cap size get need lens cap filters please advise sizes purchase	Measure in millimeters across the inside diameter of the outer front ring of the lens.
also computer support firewire way use usb use adapter	order from Amazon Avermedia converts 8mm to USB model C039 read the instruction first good luck
kind moniter hook also auto focus hook simple shotgun mic	Yes any monitor,it has both auto focus or manual,it come with one shotgun mic, but you can use any that comes with the right connections
alvs function plays low volume whether light normal volume dial turned way ideas	I'm not sure what you mean by the ALVS function, though I do find the volume level seems to remain quite low on any function.
right usbcannot play mp3's would think would price	The one I got from Amazon is a piece of junk. Not in good shape. Does not have USB/mp3 potential. I would not buy this - especially from this provider.
right usbcannot play mp3's would think would price	Here is the manual for this unit. https://docs.sony.com/release/DFJ61.PDF It has a Line Out, headphone jack and DC (Power) In.
head phones cd player	Mine did not come with head phones.
play cdr	Yes.
difference canon 85mm f18 series ef telephoto lens usm canon ef 85mm f18 usm medium telephoto lens	Very strange, but they have the same lens listed twice! I was wondering this too..but they're the same lens. 
used rebel t3	Yes, I am using these lens on the T3
makes lense better expensive 50 mm f18	I have both and the 85mm has a much better build quality, longer focal length, and more robust colors and image quality is significantly better. 
good lens canon 5d mark 3	Yes I use it on my mark III !!
sigma 1735mm f18 canon 85mm f18 canon t4i	i hear alot of good things about the sigma 17-35 1.8 all though it would depend on what sort of photography you do!i like to keep in the family,so thats why i went with canon 85 1.8 witch is a vary good lens,also its a prime lens and would work well on your t4i and most other canon cameras.
lens fit canon rebel xsi	Yes, it should.
use lens canon eos t5i	Yes, it will accept all ef-s or ef lenses.
used canon rebel eos xs	I'm 93%. Sure it can be
work canon 6d	Yes. I have a Canon 6D and this is a great lens.
digital film camera	Its a film camera
blak white color film	It will work with either type of film.
hard days find new batteries camera	They sell them everywhere. Walmart is where I go for the cheapest price. Takes 2 x 3v lithium CR123A or DL123A
work canon 5d mark	yes it will,and may i add it's a vary good lens,fast auto focus and vary sharp to.
remote control available camera	No. The one I bought did not come with a remote but it still worked well. As long as the functions do what they have to do the pictures will look nice.
get operation manuel	Mine came with a manual. But you might not get one, I'm not %100 on that though.
please explain slr kit means	SLRs and DSLRs can be sold without a lens - i.e., 'body-only' - or in a 'kit' which means it includes a lens.
comes lens	Yes it does come with the lens :) well mine did.
camera digital	No, you can only use film in it.
atlantic maxsteel 3020 432 cd228 dvd114 vhs 8tier media rack black shelves strong enough support books	I use the 8-tier media rack black primarily for books. In fact, I have three different sizes of these bookcases for my library in Florida, and they are all quite sturdy. 
need 35 mm slr camera manual action photography class would camera work also tell everything film	I just used Fiji mm film/ But when I received my pictures back, there was a lot of ruined pictures due to a light leak.
need wall straps keep falling	I set mine up without straps by setting the front feet a little higher than the back so it naturally leans into the wall. 
model dividers	Yes it has an ample set of dividers that come with it -- about four per shelf. They snap easily in place, do their job adequately and are easily moveable. Maybe a bit too easily moveable, as they occassionally pop out. 
come manual strap well body lens	A manual yes, but no strap.
atlantic 3020 media rack stackable	No, not really. The unit that I have is stable, but if you try to stack another unit on top of it, it will probably make it very unstable.
depth stated 6 couple places product comparison table says 812 correct thanks jay	It's 6".
think shelf would hold wine bottles standing vertically shelves separated enough	Unlikely. I wouldn't trust it personally
lip front well back shelf	Lip only on back
sturdy like lean forward	It is definitely sturdy...BUT in a support-the-weight of the DVD's kind of sturdy. it is tall and lightweight for what it can hold, so while it seemed pretty stable on its feet, I did attach one of the straps to the wall just as extra insurance in case it ever gets a hard bump.
depth 8tier rack	Approximately the depth of a standard CD jewel case
could casters added atlantic 3020 media rack	If they screw on I suppose... Not sure how stable the taller ones would be with casters.... But the shorter shelves would probably be fine....
license radoi	CB stands for "Citizens Band", meaning for citizens, which requires no license to operate.
range radio would get two	Depends on the antenna you use. I used this radio several times in a caravan with another person who used a Cobra CB with roof-mount antenna, as well as some semi trucks.
plug cig lighter talking road	Yes it has a 12V cable that comes with it.
range item	We experienced less than a quarter mile. I could here my friend using the Cobra handheld nice and clear. He could not hear me.
scanner police	no not with this radio, freq. are not the same. this is around 27 mhz. most police freq. now are around 800-900 mhz or some smaller towns are still on 150 mhz or 450 mhz
use secuda handheldshoulder mic speaker midland hand held radios product	Use any Icom compatible speaker-mike. Try Ebay or just call AES ham radio store. Very simple.
wall charger please help thank youb	Yes
long take recharge batteries	I use my CB for communicating while off roading; I never timed it but I would say a couple of hours depending on what rechargeable battery you purchase.
midland 75785 40channel cb radio commuate one persons inside building &amp one outside	Yes if you are in range of there Cb Radio.
lens imported usa	USA Warranty
made japan	The Nikon 16mm f/2.8D AF Fisheye that I have is marked "MADE IN JAPAN."
put filters top lens	NO!!!!!!!!! There is no space and, if you did make something up yourself, the lens would see it at the edge of the frame.
tilt lens give straight horizon lines ancient sigma 16mm fisheye lens worked like	You will need to find the sweet spot for straight lines (by tilting) in your composition.
lens come complete 39mm bayonet filters uv o56 a2 b2	Yes it does.
lense work wtih nikon d5100	Yes it is a Nikon mount
see images taken lens cannot see amazon used I assuming took	you may try NIKON website
fit canon 5dii	Hey Alex, this lens will fit your 5diii! On a full frame camera, (like your 5d) this lens is REALLY wide. Maybe check out Flickr and search this lens. It will show you examples of this lens on various cameras.
lens compatible d5300	It is, but is designed for an fx format like the D800. The 12-24mm fisheye is a fx format for the D5300
lens suitable night astrophotography comma effect using maximum aperture 18	Well, in the maximun aperture f1.8 this lens is very poor, present too much vigneting and very soft focus. In f4 to f22 this lens is great with an excelent sharpness.
lens loud autofocusing	No ,it is quiet.
come hood	Yeah, it does...small one, but it works. Great lens, i love mine.
compare sigma 1735 18 lens	Sorry, I don't have the 17-35. I do have the Canon 17-40, but it is a slower lens.
6d	Yes it does!
want make sure one point lens canon eos cameras built focus motor	Yes
image stabilization	Hi, this lens does not have image stabilization. I bought it because I needed a wide angle lens and the Sigma brand is a very good alternative to the expensive Canon lenses. Hope this helps answer your question.
looking wide angle lens shoot sprint car racing work canon	Personally I like this lens a lot... so I think it will work for anything you're wanting to shoot with it.
usm	No on both. Wide angle lenses, as a rule are not built with IS.
take picture low light	Theoretically, yes. It's a true 1.8 aperture lens. However, of the 3 macro primes in the wide range that Sigma makes (this, the 20mm and the 28mm,) this one is the least sharp wide open in the center and essentially unusable in the corners.
plastic bodies	Yes. Most lenses do these days. It is a quality lens and well made.
used nikon d80	Yes, just make sure you select the Nikon SLR option before you check out. Also, on Nikon D80 (DX sensor size), this lens will have an equivalent focal length of 36mm.
jus got lens really loud focusing lens get faulty one	Yea it is a loud lens unfortunately.
usable samsung nx1000 nx210	Not compatible whatsoever.
lens work canon rebel t3i	Yes! Just make sure to get it in canon mount. Also because your t3i is a crop sensor the lens will behave more like a 36mm
sony slr version lens work alpha mount lens heavy thanks	Sorry, I shoot Canon gear. I Don't know a thing about Sony or Alpha mounts. It's a great lens though.
want make sure one point lens canon eos cameras built focus motor	Yes
image stabilization	Hi, this lens does not have image stabilization. I bought it because I needed a wide angle lens and the Sigma brand is a very good alternative to the expensive Canon lenses. Hope this helps answer your question.
compatible canon 50d	Absolutely. Buy with confidence.
compatible canon 50d	Absolutely. Buy with confidence.
lens work canon rebel t3i	Yes! Just make sure to get it in canon mount. Also because your t3i is a crop sensor the lens will behave more like a 36mm
take picture low light	Theoretically, yes. It's a true 1.8 aperture lens. However, of the 3 macro primes in the wide range that Sigma makes (this, the 20mm and the 28mm,) this one is the least sharp wide open in the center and essentially unusable in the corners.
used nikon d80	Yes, just make sure you select the Nikon SLR option before you check out. Also, on Nikon D80 (DX sensor size), this lens will have an equivalent focal length of 36mm.
jus got lens really loud focusing lens get faulty one	Yea it is a loud lens unfortunately.
usable samsung nx1000 nx210	Not compatible whatsoever.
plastic bodies	Yes. Most lenses do these days. It is a quality lens and well made.
sony slr version lens work alpha mount lens heavy thanks	Sorry, I shoot Canon gear. I Don't know a thing about Sony or Alpha mounts. It's a great lens though.
bose ub20 wallceiling bracket work cinemate gs series 2	Yes they Will
old bose acoustimass 3 series ii system wall mounts available 2 satellite speakers	Hey Roy, I'm not sure if there would be any brackets out there for that series now.
far wall speakers mount	It really depends on what angle you point the speakers. Mine are mounted near the ceiling so I have my pointed downward at a pretty steep angle.
work specifically latest version bose cinemate gs series 2	Yes, visit the Bose site and verify the accessories for the GS II series.
de work acoustmass 10 home theater 5 speakers	Your system is'by too different then mine but , I do believe they'll work.
work bose speakers	They are wired with a connection that fits the Bose system but in my experience I have used similar wired speakers with other systems by either cutting the connecter or using an adapter. 
work bose 321 system	Silver UB-20 Wall/Ceilint Bracket Easy-to-install and elegant Wall/Ceiling Brackets are ideally matched to your Bose speakers Custom-built to complete the total Boase audio solution for your system Works with Acoustimass (R) cube speakers, 3-2-1 Lifestyle(R) and CineMate(TM) speakers
work old life style v28 speakers	I really don't know. These mounts have a very specific bolt hole on top of a notch, roughly a half inch below that mate precisely with the speakers.
work cars auto reverse mechanism tape deck	Yes, ours has auto reverse and we don't have problems. Apparently some people do. Here is a link to fix it if you have problems.
gotten adapter today makes rattling noise know fix car camry 2000	Hi Khiem, Pls make sure that the mini-stereo plug is securely/firmly connected to your device. -Anthony
ipod cassette adapters anyone toyota cassette adapter click	Which ones have you tried? We had good luck with the Sony until it broke.
long last audio began suffer	About 6 years if somewhat rough use, to include leaving it in a closed car in Phoenix, AZ for a few summers. The connections of the wire seemed to have gotten loose, the audio was still good when I'd jiggle the wire and get it just right.
long cord car's autoreverse cause skip gets end tape	The cord is about 4 feet long, honestly probably longer than you'll ever need it to be especially using it in a car and the excess cord gets in the way more than anything else. 
use full audio system single speaker	Should use full... Does on my 2004 jetta
special steps need take set	Nope! Just slip it into your tape deck, plug in your music player/iPod/smart phone, and you are good to go!
work 2005 toyota 4runner	It works on any tape player
work iphone	It works with any headphone jack. I use it with an iPhone. As an aside, it sounded better with my 5 than with my current 5c but that's splitting hairs and has to do with the phone.
want know long arm image shows short arm wall speaker work ceiling mounting	This item also comes with the ceiling mounting arms. The arms is about 4 inches long. The speakers will look great ones you're done.
mount work definitive technology speakers	Sorry I dont know.
work bose acoustimass cube speaker	It works with the double cube speaker so as long as the single cube speaker has a female threaded mount on the rear of the speaker, it should.
mounting bracket screw post fit new bose 151 outdoor speaker	No, these mounts are just for the light little indoor ones. I did some quick research. You will need the Bose SM-1 outdoor surface mounts for those 151's.
work bose 161	I pulled up a back view of the speaker and it does have the 1/4 in threaded female on the back. So yes, it will work with the wall/ceiling mount.
one work center speaker also	The UB20 bracket will work with any center channel Acoustimass or Lifestyle center channel speaker, as long as it works with the left and right channel speakers.
get silver	i don't think so they do on black and white only
connect center channel speaker surrounds	Yes, it should connect to any of the home theater speakers.
speakers open backs come enclosures	This is actually a great question. As the others have said, the backs are open, which is typically not an issue when installing into a wall or ceiling.
mount fit jewel cube speaker	Yes
minimum required depth speaker	The speaker is 3.2 inches
difference 65 inch vs 8 inch versions	The 8in will some what better bass due larger cone.
large amounting hole ceiling	It's about a 7 1/2" diameter hole but they give you a template so its exact. It's a very simple install and great sounding too
size threaded pin 14 inch mount	Yes I believe so
issue sound permeating rooms want install basement afraid shall heard main level worse 2nd floor	That's the exact application that I used these speakers for - installed in the ceiling of my basement family room as rear speakers for my surround sound system.
live tx attic temp hovers around 140 summerwill extreme heat affect performance speakers	I'm not sure. I have them in my basement and I am in Colorado. My step-son really likes Polk Audio speakers and he lives in Arizona, so I would think they would be okay.
used front &amp rear speakers one person said would recommend front spkrs planned get four living room system	I used them as rear only I'm sure you could use them as front but normaly you want the front speakers facing you.
rc80's work well surround left surround right front left front right 51 surround center recommendations	I love my speakers for the price the perform extremely well. I would use the the speaker for the front as well.
depth needed wall	3 inches will put you close to the back of the speaker, so I would go 3 1/2 inches to be safe.
need concrete wall problem depth hole need make	I wouldn't recommend a concrete wall with these. They need a hollow space to deliver sound, so a solid wall won't work. Depth wise you are looking at 3 or 3.5 inches. These also mount by clamping to drywall. You would need to work that out too.
need subwoofer speakers sound ok without	That really depends on your taste. The speakers give off a great mid rage, descent highs... Not much for lows though. I have a sub and the system sounds awesome.
hello 85's removed reinstalled initial installation would convenient 'access hole' someday necessary	It's been a while since I did the installation, but I'm fairly certain that would be no problem.
warrenty speakers	I think its the standard 1 year.
anyone come solution prevent insulation gathering around speakers installed ceiling	I plan to use a Tenmat Recessed Light cover and some self expanding foam to secure it...but I have access to the backs of the speakers- attic space.
need construction brackets polk audio rc85i speakers please let know place order	no, mine had the wings like the add-on electrical boxes. Maybe don't cut the wall too close to the studs.
two speakers powerful enough cover living room size 600 sq ft	Yesss but you wont get the full surround sound without 5 speaker and a good receiver.
bed closets make walls extending near foot bed speakers sound ok mounted facing &amp directly toward	They have tweeters that you can aim back toward where you sit. I have mine on the left/right walls too.
may speakers needed 24' x 13' area planning 2 side 24' good overkill	Jeanine, I have a 5.1 system (4 polk RC85i speakers (two on each side), once center speaker and the subwofer). My place is similar to yours. In my opinion your distribution could work very well...
use center speaker	I don't see why not since they can be mounted both vertically and horizontally but the rc65s might be a good choice too.
cutout dimensions	Roughly the opening is 8"X11". However, these speakers use a cam lock system to mount them to the wall. They are best suited for 1/2 inch sheet rock.
connect radio 75 300 cable	It should be able to if you have a screw points for the antenna conection. My receiver did so it worked for me.
rca transformer used connect older onkyo amfm receiver 300 ohm dipole type fm antenna expect better fm	All I know of these transformers is that they allow a TV coaxial cable to be connected to a vintage TV.
connect coax rca audio video dvd player	Matthew, If your DVD Player has screw terminals it will but if it plugs in, it won't. I used mine to connect an antenna to coax. Hope this helps
im looking buy old 1950's tv type connection back coax carry audio video	yes
used vintage receiver	They must be used to adapt coaxial cable into your vintage TV. They usually work well, but can introduce "buzzing" on certain sets. They also can fail over time and cause reception problems.
sized diameter bolt need get fit lugs well quarter inch maybe building antenna	Not sure on the size. I just used drywall screws. Lol!
tell end piece pin middle outer circle like coaxial hole coaxial pin goes	The end of this unit is a female end. The coax cable will have the pin that will go into the hole.
use adapter iphones ipads	No This is a standard jack used to convert headphones used with i-phones, pods, pads etc. to a size needed for guitar amplifiers or to fit electronic keyboards and other stereo equipment with standard portals for standard jacks.
35 mm headphones need 14 put white coinmaster metal detector work	Yes it should I've used them on several occasions and never had an issue
ok tv set	if your TV has a 1/4inch(6.3mm) jack
would work get iphone connected guitar amp	Technically, yes.
work casio lk30 piano	If it has a phone jack, it should.
work audio yamaha dgx 205	Plugs are standard. This is an adapter that converts a mini-plug like the one found on headphones for i-pod type devices to a plug that fits standard amplifiers, and other audio equipment like older radios / tape recorders, turn tables, and musical instruments with amplification.
plug skullcandy head phone short need cut attache replacement work	No
would headphone converter work yamaha psr295 keyboard	Should
14inch male 35mm female 14inch female 35mm male	It's a 1/4 inch male to 3.5mm female.
work want connect headset tv play games	Yes it should work....it works when I plug into one of my slots on a mixer
looking usb cable hook dvd multi recorder	I this what you are looking for? http://www.amazon.com/Apricorn-Power-Adapter-Cable-AUSB-Y/dp/B000JIOHDE It's available on amozon.
item used wireless headphones	don't think so these are rca jacks, headphones use mini jacks
sony google tv one set rca inputscan use 3 unplug dvd player plug wii safe	I use them for my stereo and they work fine.
wish add two additional speakers comcast boxas sound comes bottom tvand wish sound frontwill work	The question is not clear. The "Y" cable will not handle the current to the speakers AT HIGH volume levels. At normal listening levels it would probably work. The cable is intended for low level, input signals.
work dazzel capture cards	Yes they do! But make sure you get 3. One for video, one for mono channel sounds, and the other for stereo sound (the red and white audio cords). Then when youre recording, make sure you are using the composite option!
battery npfm50 used sony a330 cameral	NO!!!, the NP-FM50 is 7.2Volt, and your SONY Alpha DSLR-A330 Camera use this Battery "NP-FH50" that is 6.8Volt. This is the battery for your Camera http://www.amazon.com/Sony-NPFH50-Actiforce-InfoLithium-Camcorders/dp/B000ME8R22/ref=pd_sxp_grid_pt_2_0
sony dcrtrv280 digital8 handycam camcorder w20x optical zoom	Hi Brandes, Sony NPFM50 Battery is compatible on the Sony DCRTRV280 Camcorder. -Vincent
battery work sony dcrtrv350 digital8 camcorder says need npfm91	Hi Stacey, yes, this battery is also compatible with the camcorder. Same as the NP-FM91 and the supplied battery NP-FM30. Thanks_Mitch
battery looks counterfeit misspelled word lable	Hi Jeff, NP-FM50 Battery is a legitimate Sony battery model. -Vincent
base magnetic screwed	It is magnetic and holds well.
npfm50 compatible sony model dcrtrv 340 camcorder	worked great for me
battery used sony mvccd300 camera	I use it in a Sony MVC -CD400 camera.
battery npfm50 used sony dscp30p50	This battery won't work with this camera according to the Sony website. Camera requires InfoLithium "S" batteries
genuine sony brand battery &amp generic made	The NP-FM50 I ordered is the real thing. They say Sony right on the battery.
looking battery sony camcorder hdrcx160 thanks	I do not think so. This is for sony mavicas.
hide cable cinemate series ii	The stands are designed to hide the wire in the post of the stands. It is grooved out in the back and you just push the wire into the groove.
stands work pure acoustics dreambox speakers limited weight	I found the stands adequate but not too sturdy. In my case it worked but I would get something better if I had them in a Living room area
work bose v201 speakers	If your speakers have a threaded screw holes they will work for you.
use mount cinemate 520 satellite speakers	Yes, these stands will work with the CineMate 520 system. However, they will need an adapter. To order the adapter, please call us at 800-367-4008. Thank you.
bose speaker stands stands fit speakers cinemate	Yes, with nothing else to buy. I bought a used Bose CineMate II system with the Articulated Array speakers (these are the speakers with the vents/openings on both sides of the front) (Not the GS speakers) this is also the system that comes with the small 4-button remote.
battery npqm70 equal npfm50	I have not seen a NP-QM70 battery so I'm not certain, but looking at the photo of the NP-FM70/QM71 battery I would say that they are not equal.
stands fit double cubic speakers installed wall	They are compatible to acoustimass, lifestyle and Cinemate home digital speaker systems according to the Bose website.
difference afs20 series series ii aside price	They dont come with mounting brackets for cube speakers
bose accoustimass 6 speakers see threaded hole back speakers 2 parallel slots instead stands work	Yes
work bose 301 v	After looking at the bose 301 V, I would say no.
dimensions bose center speaker	It's about 19 inches long I would not go with this speaker.
purchasing purchase wire connect tv additionally guide purchase	My center Bose speaker is just hooked up to my surround sound amplifier. I have the built-in TV speakers turned off.
speakr comes power cord remote	No
dimensions box thanks	About 3 1/4 foot L, 8 inch. w, 3 1/4 inch D.....
speaker connected flat screen tv	Not sure... I connected mine to a receiver
use bose system lifesyle av 18 system need black center speaker	I don't know why not !
connected tv need extra cables	No, you need to buy speaker wire and connect it to a receiver. Generally as part of a 5.1 surround sound system.
di need implifier connect tv	You need a receiver.
clamping voltage device	tripplite.com spec shows 150 (rms)
allow power thru surge disables protective circuitry	Yes but if you register product with tripp lite , you can have a replacement rather quick . I have had two units hit and replaced get product
placed wall	There are no mounting holes etc. You would have to attach a small shelf to the wall and place the speaker on that.
screw holes back wall mount	It has 4 holes for screws. A center hole then slots to hold over the head.
emirfi noise filter	Thank you for your interest in the TLP810NET! The TLP810NET has EMI/RFI filtering up to 40 dB.
kind plug like flat kind slightly turned I hoping something like stand	it has the flat kind , the plug fits side ways in plug, not straight up and down like most
many amps handle	I do not know the amperage of this unit. In practical everyday use I had my AC and 46" TV plugged into it. When the AC compressor kicked in...The overload circuit would kick in.
plugged grounded outlet work completely know tripp lites protect without ground	Yes
ethernet shielded cause electrical interference static line	No problems, no interference, good product
lowprofile flat wall plug	yes it has a space savings right angle plug
use acoustimass 6 series iii	I'm using Bose series 5 speakers with my system, however the more important question is with your receiver. Assuming you have a model with front, rear and center connections you will have no issues.
ac adapter work	Yes, there is a plug-in for one on the player
surge protector work modem router wireless telephone wireless internet slow wireless internet speed	You can plug your phone, cable and powered devices into this for full surge protection.
speaker quality	unknown due to it was a gift.
cd player allow bookmarking restart last playing	Sorry, I have used the player just a couple of times and think it starts where I stopped it. Not tech savvy enough to experiment either .And then remember what I did !
difference models 9043600403 910000806 look	They appear to be the same, but 806 is marketed as the "new" model. I couldn't find any difference between them, either should be fine.
vista upgrade disables scrolling anyone else problem	This sucks so big time. What on earth is Logitech thinking? I just spent hours scouring user reviews and finally settled on the Logitech Optical Marble Mouse as ultimate mousing heaven.
scrolling help someone help figure scrolling	If you've installed the software on the CD, go to Start &gt; All Programs &gt; Logitech &gt; Mouse and Keyboard &gt; Mouse and Keyboard Settings.
portable smaller wireless version product	Hi, Thank you for emailing me. I haven't seen anything that is smaller than this model for a trackball.
listen headphones	No, if you get the right cable, you can plug it into your computer input or into your stereo. Should work just fine, and the cables are cheap.
mouse work lefthanders	Yes. My husband is left handed and this is his second one.
program 4 buttons like left right click obviously also 'copy' 'paste' two	Great question. I personally don't know, but if you find the answer I would love for you to pass it on to me. Thank you!
model smaller classic white trackball mouse	No. It's slightly bigger.
mouse good computer gamers least people play gamesvideogames computer	First started with this mouse in rainbow 6. Online multiplayer tactical shooter game. Pretty old now. After getting kicked out of multiple servers under accusations of aim botting I never went back.
I problems mouse recognized laptop worked year started problems anyone know fix	Mine started doing the same thing but,this is after over 6 years of use.
batteries needed	As far as I know it doesn't use batteries. I don't see any place to put batteries on mine.
put record hit start arm moves towards record hovers bit without playing anything returns home	I had the same problem after I had it for about 2 years... as did others I read about.
input voltage use 220v 50 hz ac	HI Suriya, I am sorry to say that I don't know for sure. I am in the USA so I don't use that voltage. If you can get it to work it is a great value though. Good Luck
compatible speakers	I have mine hooked up to the TEAC AG-790A Stereo Receiver (bought on Amazon and very happy) and then from the receiver to the Sony SSF-5000 Floor Standing 3-way Speaker (Pair).
understand vinyl back 45's lp several hundred came horrible 8track player cassette player cd player going back vinyl	As most agree, nothing beats the sound of vinyl in good condition. You can just hear things that a CD might miss during the digitizing process.
78 rpm records played turntable	Hi CR, No. It can only record/playback 33 1/3 and 45 rpm. -Anthony
long replacement belt	I'm unsure what a new or replacement belt's length is before install, but I took the platter off recently and the belt was apprx 11"-12". Of course, this was after it had been wrapped around the motor pully.
need needle	My operating instructions indicate that the life expectancy of the stylus tip is about 500 hours before it should be replaced. For a replacement stylus, consult your nearest Sony dealer.
get replacement belt	Here is a link to a site I found on google : http://www.turntablebasics.com/belts/sony.html. I would also look in the manual to see if Sony list a part number for the belt.
circumfrance belt	I'm not so sure, but I think is belt
purchase preamp phono receiver phono hook	Yes, you will need either a pre-amp or a phono input.
connect technic sl7 record player pansonic home theatre	Only if your home theatre has a Phono input. Or if you buy a separate phono pre amp.
already internet one comp need another buy modem connect computer need something else	You don't need this modem then. You need a wireless router or a wired router, whichever you prefer.
model difficulties finding way get speakers sound please help	Hi Coffee Drinker. I'm happy to try to help, though I only drink tea. This turntable must be attached to a receiver (or integrated amplifier, or amplifier + preamp) which has a phono stage.
work comcast	It's compatible with Comcast, but this is a DOCSIS 2.0 modem, so it won't support the highest available speeds. If you are looking for something DOCSIS 3.0, I highly recommend the Cisco DPC3008.
loaded version 4 firmware I read issues model get isp provide firmware update	It will depend on the version number of the router, Dye.
mac compatible befcmu10 linksys modem compatible imac os 103	Cable modems are not dependent on your pc/software/router because they are network bridging devices based on the TCP/IP network stack.
io 10 would come orginal box whole package	I checked the paperwork that came with the mouse, and apparently, it is 2.0. I forget whether it came with a box or bubble wrap, though I seem to recall a box.
mouse compatible windows 8 since microsoft products clear disclosure	Yes. I use mine with Windows 8; have had no problems.
usb ps2 adapter included	YES IT DOES!
turntable builtin preamp play bose 123 system	Yes it has a built-in phono preamp.
mouse work microsoft wireless optical elite desktop keyboard	Have I used it with that keyboard? No. But really there should be no issues at all as long as you're using latest drivers.
mouse actually 95 inches long	No...it's like 4.5 inches. Where did you see it was 9.5"?
want find alternative gaming version mouse use one years palm rest type mouse	I am not certain of your question, as you said you have used it for years. As far as I know, it is a typical mouse, not sure what a palm rest type is, even after an internet search. I like it because it has the side buttons.
microsoft mouse software work mac last checked supporting latest operating systems	I bought one in Late year 2010. It works for the following which I experienced: Mac OS X 10.6, 10.7, 10.8, 10.9 (needs to download and install the driver from microsoft.com) Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8 (works on the fly) Ubuntu 10.10, 11.04, 11.10, 12.04 (works on the fly) Microsoft seems to be a hardware standard and it works with pretty much everything. 
mouse comes original box	Yes it did
wet dry cleaner	It is a dry cleaner, just play for a few seconds
many times head cleaned one tape	It is recommended to play the tape no more than 10 seconds per cleaning, and no more than 4 cleanings in a row if the video quality did not improve. 
ccdfx410 booklet states use v825clh would v825cld work well	If the CCD-FX410 uses 8mm tape the V8-23CLD will work just fine. I looked up the CCD-FX410 camera and it is an 8mm format.
whenever use old camcorder playing videos screen starts jump using fix problem	No, in my case, I use this 8mm head cleaner to clean the head player and pinch roller that way pictures or videos on tapes will be clearer.
cleaning cartridge need model dcrtrv 22	You need an 8mm / Hi8 / Digital8 Camcorder Video Head Cleaning cassette. Almost impossible to find in stores....I ordered mine on Amazon.
cleaning head need model vla110u	The VL-a110u is a Sharp 8mm video recorder. I have a Sony TRV37 8mm video recorder and I use the Sony V8-25CLH Head Cleaning Cassette with satisfaction.
green plug round plug need square peg green plug round plug	Yes, this mouse has the rectangular USB "peg". You may be able to use an adapter (it shipped with one many years ago, but I do not know about now) to plug it into the green, mouse port on your computer. 
many run times cassette used	Hi Greg, since the Sony V825CLH Cassette Head Cleaner is not a product that you use regularly, this will defintely last for a long time not unless you break it physically. -Vincent
head cleaner work dvc scd103 samsung	Sorry, but I don't know what that is but if it records or plays 8mm video cassetts like Sony MP120 it should clean your play/record heads if they are dirty. Worked on my Hitachii cam corder in like 10 seconds.
work without caller id line	If they work they do. Mine never worked and I returned it. I had had them before and they work fine but do fail after time(5 + years) and have to be replaced. I zaps all incoming calls. If it call is computer generated the signal the computer gets backs tells it the number is no longer in service.
work telemarketing calls telezapper still getting calls technology get date	I finally junked it. I think it stops 800 numbers but not calls from regular area codes. I gave up my landline to stop the bother.
plug	Plug the line from the phone base into one side and the line house line into the other. If it works it will give a signal back to all callers but only will computer systems (auto dialings) get and use the signal as a non-functional number. The one I ordered did not work.
mine does'nt work lose dial tone shortly plugging	I have never experienced that event. However, I never got the machine to block numbers that were a nuisance.
drive work windows 8 thank	Yes, I have used this drive on both Windows 7 and Windows 8.1.
plug run batteries	This model plugs in. The other model, which looks cylindrical, runs on a flat round 2030 (I think... trying to remember) battery. When I had this model, it came with a plug in adapter.
read old zip disks original zip drive bought 90s	Absolutely no problem.
read 35 diskette drive	No, this is only for reading Zip Disks. You need to get a drive made to read the 3.5" disks. They do exist. I have a LaCie Floppy Disk Drive which connects with USB. It is Plug and Play. It is compatible with PCs going back as far as Windows 98 and up to XP, but probably also 7.
see reviews say works windows 7 say windows 7 question work windows 7	Hi, I have the iomega 100M with usb on Windows xp (home edition) and it works just fine. If that helps? Hiram Connell
better bluerays storage	No, what are you smoking? This is from the 90's. Use a USB stick.
drive work plugging macbook pro running 10101 10 old iomega 100mb disks I I would like open thanks	I don't know. All my pc's I've used it with are not Mac's.
head cleaner help audio issues currently getting audio playback camcorder	It definitely helped our situation. Our camcorder playback was rough and uneven (after several years on no-use), both video and audio.
100 zip drive brand new sealed box	I have no idea. Better ask Amazon. They are who is selling it.
drive come usb cable need program windows 7	Yes
come installation software used older mac powerbook g4 installation needed	It didn't come with any software.
100 mb drive read 250 mb discs	I don't think it will.
work panasonic model kxtga470	2 people groups own this answer: A. Amazon Tech support toll free number B. Panasonic customer support 800 number 800 555 1212
compatible panasonic kxtg7431 series	I have a Panasonic KX-TG4031 Phone that is DECT 6.0 PLUS, and this headset works great! I don't see any reason why this wouldn't work on that phone as well? Hope this helps!
use acoustimass 10 replacement existing center	Can't think of any reason it would not work. I have found it difficult to match Bose with non Bose speakers in many applications. I think you will be pleased with the results
fit pentax istd autofocus work thanks	cant tell without seeing the mounting ring.
work nikon d40x	Yes it should. I have a 18-270 3.5-6.3 and I use it on my dx40. I love it!
work pentax istd camera	I am sorry I can't sat but it works great on my Nikon 3500D. I found they were great a answering the question on line. Please ask the seller .
fit sony a57 camera	I believe in the product description it tells exactly which camera body it will fit.
work nikon d3100	Yes it will
hi sorry english translator using lens 70300 perfectly serves nikon d3000 autofocus compatible nikon d3	I use my lens with no trouble
products similar bluetooth cordless phones	I use a Panasonic headset that plugs into my cordless telephone. Though it isn't bluetooth, mine has a fairly long cord allows me to be hands-free to use the computer as needed while I am on conference calls.
panasonic cordless phone 58 gh give model reference buy 24 gh headset work phone	If you have a reference number to it, common sense would dictate that it should work. However, you still have Amazon's return policy so be careful when you open the headset packaging in order to ensure that if you need to send it back it is in the condition that Amazon requires for a full credit. Hope this helps.
auto focus work nikon 3200d	As this lens does not have a built in motor for autofocus and neither does the D3200, no. The D3200 should be able to meter fine, but it will not autofocus.
use nex5 camera yes use sony adaptor use nex5 camera	You need an adapter. They best are from Sony. LA EA 1 or LA EA 2 from SONY.
get auto focus lens sony nex laea2 adapter	It should. I've never used a NEX camera or adapter...but according to the adapter specs you should be fine. I have used this lens with a-mount teleconverters and auto focus worked fine.
could fit nikon n75 body	Yes, it will fit the N75 body. Not sure if the N75 has a focus motor though, as the lens does not have one.
mount onto canon rebel t3i	Sorry I am not sure
would like use sony alph 100 camera see problem	It will work but there is a possibility the auto focus don't.
work canon eos 500d	Just make sure your buying the right Canon Mount in this lense, One more thing, It's going to work but just in manul focus mode. There is another Tamron Model that has a Built in focus motor.
fullframe lens	Yes with sony it Will Work, not the Best quality for The price but it works, I use it on my a99
lens work sony alpha 3000	It should fit as long as it is an alpha mount. I have a Sony alpha 390 and alpha 58 that this lens works with.
work pentax says want double check also auto fucus work manual &amp powered zoom features thank	Manual
konicaminolta dg5d camera would tamron af75300 f40 12495 fix work camera cannot find modle number	I've had more experience with the 7D and the lens fits. I don't see a problem as long as the lens is the Minolta A-type. 
zoom lens canon t3i tamron af 75300 lens work canon t3i camera	Yep...it fits on the t2i so it should also work for the T3i with no problems.
lens work camera sony a33	Yep
lens work sony a100 thanks \	Yes it does.
fit canon t3i amazon warning saying may may fit t3i	I have a t3i, and it fits perfectly
come hood	yes it comes with a nice hood that you can use and then turn it the other way when storing the lense
excuse noob question access macro function lens understand telephoto end equation	To make use of the Macro function, the zoom first needs to be set between 180mm and 300mm, which is marked with a gold stripe.
lens compatible canon 60d yes results like lens price range	I have a Canon T4i and this lens works fine on it...You will be pleased I'm sure!
use canon eos rebel xti	yes
work sony a77	Sony Alpha SLT-A77 Translucent Mirror Digital SLR Camera Yes! This will work with the Sony Alpha SLT-A77 Translucent Mirror Digital SLR Camera.
compatible eos sl1	Yes, the SL1 is compatible with EF-S lens. So it will cover all EF and EF-S lenses.
pda operate 64 bit operating system	No
lens autofocus	Yes..it does
sync windows7 computer ms 8	What is MS8? Do you mean Microsoft 8? I know it syncs fine with Microsoft Word and Excel. I think it would do fine no matter what the systems and programs.
lens fit rebel xt	Yes
pda connect via blu tooth capability	It does not. The manufacturer of Palm m515 stopped supporting even with windows 7.
extras audible loud alarm	Fairly audible. I can hear it in the next room when it is in the charger.
auto focus d7000 works item	Yes because the d7000 has a built-in focus motor.
auto focus work d7000	As long as the auto focus on your D7000 is still working, it will auto focus using the camera body's focus motor instead of the AF-S lenses that have their own focus motor built in.
reading mixed reviews lens works nikon d7000 autofocus low light ie duskdawn conditions	I bought this lens but then returned it because it did not autofocus.
available t5i	Yes will work on T5i
work nikin d40x	Yes that is what I have..
lense compatable nikon d3100	Yes, it will, On main page of Camera Lens there is a small box that will say which Nikon Cameras this is lens or any lens in compatible
lens work nikon d70	Yes
work nikon d7000 autofocus	Yes it will work , the auto focus works too its a great lens too!
whats difference lens 55300 lens price almost double	I am not sure what 55-300 lens you are referring to but generally speaking the cost of a lens is dependent on two things. One, the width of the close up to wide angle i.e 55 vs 70 to 300. The longer one would be more. Two, the f stop of the lens. 
flash compatible brands slrs	Yes. I've used them on Canon. Can't say about other ones though.
function nikon d3200	The SB28 is a flash designed for older Nikon cameras, meaning film cameras. Digital cameras use a different system for the flash to properly read the exposure for thru the lens exposure. 
use nikon sb28 nikon d3200 perform perfectly ttl mode	No
work d5300	It will work but only in manual and aperture mode
lens work d90	Yes, used it in Africa with my D90...fantastic photos.
lense fit nikon d40	Yep; but it won't have AF. You can only manually focus. For AF, you'll need an AF-S or AFI lens.
adjustable vertical horizontal	You can angle it up & down as well as side to side. So if you need to angle and bounce the flash you're good to go.
flash work nikon d3200 need manual mode work	It will most likely work with your Nikon D3200 as long as you put it into manual mode. I use my SB 28 with the Nikon D90 quite often. If you have any used camera shops nearby see if they will let you test it.
flash works d5100	Yes, but only in manual mode. I use one with my d3100 off camera using phottix witeless triggers
work nikon fm2n	Dear Mr. Young, I can only say "I do not know" and suggest you call Nikon service. They have been quite helpful and willing to help in the past.
best way get film give nice images white foliage I starting shooting pentax k1000	I used a red 25 and it turned out well, this film won't allow for the best IR photos though
flash works d80	YES, IF NOT TTL AUTO WILL WORK.
would get results regular black white film cheaper ir filter	You will not get the same results.regular black white is cheaper
anyone used film wratten 87c filter I looking filter visible spectrumcomparing old kodak highspeed infrared film	I used it with a 89B Cokin and the results are very good infrared images.
expiration date film	Different on every roll. You need to buy it to see what the expiration date is
film size 35mm film	Yes, it is 35mm film. If you see "135-36" on film, it means that it is 35mm film with 36 exposures per roll.
remote work samsung hdtv phillips dvd player plays divx movies well regular movies	This remote did not work at all for me! I wouldn't trust it. Try a GE universal remote
seen anywhere says work nikon d5000 work d5000	Unfortunately it will not work. In manual mode yes but not I-ttl. You will need an SB-600, 700, 710, 800.....
remote allow change channels rca converter box connected phillips tv currently manually change channels converter box	I do not think it will. The remote was for older equipment and I could not use it on my DVD player.
inputs accept coaxial analog rca optical	It's NOT a 2.5 mm stereo plug - these speakers connect to your computer (or whatever) by a standard 3.5 mm stereo plug that's on a cable about 4 feet long built into the right speaker.
speakers grille open pic appears exposed	Yes, they have removable cloth-covered plastic grilles. (the sub has a permanent metal grille)
im college bass want something kicks maybe even shakes desk compare logitech z623	This will do it. These speakers have bass to spare. The sound quality is fantastic across the spectrum.
speakers imac compatible	They use a standard 3.5mm Jack
work magnavox coverter	sorry to say not sure but I can say call up rca customer service with model number of item, just google their cust serv number and try asking them.
compared logitech z623 better worst	Both are excellent speakers, but my vote has to go to theZ623s: more power; larger, stronger woofer; better warranty; treble and midrange are comparable. 
amazon charging $220 klipsch website $140 free shipping	That is a good question...sorry I can't exactly answer it. Curiously, Klipsch's website says these speakers are "Available exclusively at Best Buy and Klipsch.com in the U.S." &lt;----- no Amazon.com listed.
compared logitech z623 better worst	Both are excellent speakers, but my vote has to go to theZ623s: more power; larger, stronger woofer; better warranty; treble and midrange are comparable.
long wires go satellites anyone know good loud 21 system long wires satellites	Around 36 inches. If you have the time and money to buy the lines and build the jacks , you could extend the klipsch speakers past the factory length.
im college bass want something kicks maybe even shakes desk compare logitech z623	This will do it. These speakers have bass to spare. The sound quality is fantastic across the spectrum.
speakers grille open pic appears exposed	Yes, they have removable cloth-covered plastic grilles. (the sub has a permanent metal grille)
inputs accept coaxial analog rca optical	It's NOT a 2.5 mm stereo plug - these speakers connect to your computer (or whatever) by a standard 3.5 mm stereo plug that's on a cable about 4 feet long built into the right speaker. Trust me, I have three sets of these speakers and I just measured it.
speakers imac compatible	They use a standard 3.5mm Jack
difference model klipsch promedia 21 speaker system best buy reason says best buy	No, there is no difference. Best Buy is the only one of our retailers that sells this system.
amazon charging $220 klipsch website $140 free shipping	That is a good question...sorry I can't exactly answer it. Curiously, Klipsch's website says these speakers are "Available exclusively at Best Buy and Klipsch.com in the U.S." &lt;----- no Amazon.com listed. Maybe that has something to do with the pricing difference, but I'm just guessing.
difference model klipsch promedia 21 speaker system best buy reason says best buy	No, there is no difference. Best Buy is the only one of our retailers that sells this system.
want connect camera vcr	Hi David, You will use the A/V connecting cable for this camcorder to be connected to your VCR. Thanks. &gt;Joffrey
camera used stream live software live streaming need camera transfer video live connected pc	This camera did not work with my 8 mm tapes. I had to return and they charged me 35% to accept it back (they said that it was due to handling to restock again???).
play sony mp120 ntsc8 tapes hook computer record dvds	It did not work with my tapes and I had to return it. I kept it only for a day, but they charged me 40% (for stock management ???). Be aware before buying it.
also good camcorder someone looking camcorder watching 8mm tapes viewing	No only plays Hi8 tapes. Those don't work.
camcorder good purchase someone looking transfer 8mm tapes dvds	Yes it does Amanda. For further info, you may check on the link below for its user manual. -Ely https://docs.sony.com/release/CCDTRV608.PDF
long wires go satellites anyone know good loud 21 system long wires satellites	Around 36 inches. If you have the time and money to buy the lines and build the jacks , you could extend the klipsch speakers past the factory length.
mount tripod	Yes it can.
hello works normally image clear send mexico	Every function of this camera works perfectly! I think Amazon will only allow shipment within the USA. I can send to Mexico if is allowed.
hi include battery charger usb cable &amp software	No, and I had to return (in less than 24hs) the item because it did not work with my tapes. Besides, they charged me additional (+/-) 40% for handling.
could playing pc tv	I only used the s video out to my dazzle input to PC did not try to use it on TV
blue tooth	Search "HomeSpot NFC-enabled Bluetooth Audio Receiver for Sound System" in amazon. There is also the Logitech one which works well as that was the first one I bought but they are a little more expensive.
play old 8 mm tapes	Yes
pal ntsc	Hi, this Sony Camcorder uses NTSC TV color system. -Ely
hi connect tv	Yes U can and to the Computer too.
video	Yes, the camera has S video out. It should be located to the left of the lens (if the lens if facing you) under a plastic cover.
remote control	No. It did not come with a remote.
used camcorders warrantied $17000	My purchase was dead on arrival. I returned and was given a full refund. I believe they come with a 30 day minimum warranty
get instructions operation camcorder	online
record play regular 8 along hi8	I'm not sure what regular 8 is, but if you're asking if it will play 8mm tapes then the answer is no. This camcorder plays and records Hi8 only.
usb firewire want transfer 30 hi8 tapes windows laptop thanks	No, it does not have a USB port, however you can still transfer the tapes to your PC by using an analog/digital converter. 
play back 8 mm video tapes using cable connect camcorder tv	Yes you can. It's "old school" 80's technology but it works just fine.
possosible make video capture output ports rrca	yes as far as I know it is capable but have not had a chance to use... yes rca
play pal european tapes thanks	Hi F. Castellvi Granados, this Sony Camcorder is an NTSC system based camcorder. It will not work under PAL system. -Ely
come battery charger	The one I received did
manual focus &amp expose ability also video &amp	Hi Mark Relyea, Yes, this Hi8 camcorder has a manual focus settings but it doesn't have the ability to adjust the exposure. As for the S video, it is S video out only. Ely
acutual light camcorder turned record night	Yes there is it works pretty well
camcorder infrared nightvision	No. Just setting for low light filming, which IMO are very good even when there is minimal light.
play old hi8 tapes 55 samsung led tv	I play mine on an old t.v. so I'm sure you can
camecorder play 8mm tapes I looking purchase camera viewing home videos	yes
dry cleaner	Yes. It's dry.
compatible canon vixia hv30	If your (video) camera uses Mini-DV tapes, yes this head cleaner is combatible.
hi dvc cleaning tape work sony dcrvx2000	As long as your camera is miniDV - my cursory search indicates that it is.
work canon gl2 camcorder use sony mini dv tapes wanted check first bought thanks advance	Yes, will work fine. Ofcourse there is no substitute for a full professional cleaning
dvc cleaning works sony dcrtrv9	Important here, There are two types of Sony Head cleaning cassettes. One for mini-DV only. The one for Sony DCR-TRV9 is Sony V8 - 25 LCD head cleaner for Digital 8 camcorders.
clean sony vcr	No it's a mini tape.
work dcrhc52 sony video cam recorder	It should work as it's a MiniDV Handycam.
click estimate shipping says $2200 change ship $299 price stated area code 99515 anch ak	I apologize for the confusion, unfortunately, I am not positive why it is giving a different quote. This can in fact be shipped to Alaska for the $2.99.
cleaning cassett head work dcrhc52hc54 mini dv	It's a mini so it should work.
work sony handycam hi8	No, the HI8 tapes are much larger hence the miniDV cleaner tape (being the same size as a miniDV tape) will not work.
anyone know guage 12 14 thanks	It's about 14 gauge, enough for any normal use especially if your speaker runs are 50 feet or less.
subwoofer interconnect	Yes. No problem.
cable shipped state wound around reel plastic	Yes
use outdoor speakers	Yes, as long as the speakers are under the patio and not where water can get to the connections. It the speaker connections get wet then they could blow the speaker amp or the receiver.
oxygen free cable	Not sure. best to check with Monster cable website.
gauge cable	I believe it is 16 gauge. Monster is too shady to put it on the product label. Do yourself a favor and go to Monoprice and get some 12 gauge at a much cheaper price.
great selling speaker wire awg info nice buy	Are you asking a questions or making a statement? I purchased the Monster 100 feet speaker cable online after reviewing the same cable at Fry's.
support ac 220v	Some components of this product may be labeled [tested or rated] for a certain load at 200/220 volts however, this power-center, like most others, is intended for 110/120 volt applications, at combined rated load capacity.
cable thx certified thank	I believe it is
anyone know might find wall bracket originally discarded bracket powercenter need mount wall	I am not aware if the bracket can be purchased separately. I asume you checked with Monster Products. Sorry wish i could be of more help
operating noise low audible humming noise unit makes powered normal	No, not normal - Have you checked your wiring, ground, etc? 
two sat inputs	isn't catv cable? i know sat is at a higher freg. and some cable componets dont work as well as ones made for sat.
clamping voltage	330 clamping voltage I'm not 100% sure
lenght cord powercenter	About 2 to 3 feet
read 30 min still know gauge isplease	I'd go with 12ga. There's a plastic tube in the middle of each conductor so actual copper is probably 14ga.
crazy question description wire gauge	12 gauge wire
wire positive monster xp ci	You can use either as long as you connect the same on both sides. I use copper colored positive and silver color new always. This way there is no confusion.
wire cca ofc	Sorry, I do not know the answer to that.
send audio signal video rca work	This Y adapter is mainly for audio signal and not for video. It is used to connect sub-woofers.
split one stero signal separate l r signals one single channel two single channel	subwoofers are only 1 channel...the wire splits the single channel bass response to each individual speaker and delivers much better definition on the sound..highly recommend...i have 2 subs on 2 different systems and a third system which is line wired right into the speakers.
monster factory warranty valid purchase monster states seller must authorized dealer warranty validation	i believe if the warranty was good thru amazon, then amazon would have said so instead of sending your question to me.
wireless headphones need spliter like work need 35mm female end	A 3.5mm end wont fit these. These are RCA plugs not headphone AUX plugs.
take 8mm tape	Yes, but for record no for play
split video	It is meant to split audio (especially for sub-woofer) and not video.
camera still available sale still works	Hi Jason, thanks for your email, yes it is available and yes it is in perfect working condition. Just to remind you that sony TRV140 does not play 8mm , Hi8 analog tapes. 
used webcam	Not if you have anything higher than windows xp for an operating system.
good 220v 60 hz master onoff switch individual outlet onoff switch	There is only one master switch for this power strip. Contrary to other reviews I had no problem hooking up the cables, and found that the horizontal orientation for the plugs and the flat power cord plugf made it ideal for fitting under cabinet and close to the wall.
camera place insert microphone	I sure thought it did, but after looking my camera over thoroughly I do not think it does, but wish it did.
usb cord ieeeshould use transfer tapes	What kind of tapes are you transferring too?
usb cord use model camcorder ieee use	Amazon never sent me this item. They sent me the wrong one.
need get usb cords product get	I ordered mine on line from radio shack. Radio Shack is cheaper if you order on line from my experience. Be sure to get the correct cord. I had to re-order, but you can go to the Sony web site to find the correct item & description.
speaker attach vantage point satsb	They are attached by screws
transfer hi8 tapes dcrtrv140 camcorder	There's a number of ways, but all of them require additional tools. You would either need a conversion kit for the hi8 tapes or you can use the composite (red, white, and yellow jacks) cable for the camcorder and a VCR, DVD recorder, or PC with the proper adapter to convert to another media.
way transfer recording tapes computer	You will need a piece of software like pinnacle studio, and probably a composite to USB converter (I recall having issues with drivers in Windows 7).
warranty infinity subwoofer	I think it's 12 month. Either way just get the extended warranty from Square or someplace and u should be fine. I have had it for 4 months and it doesn't disappoint. Great all in one sub and amp.
actual demisions unit	According to the Infinity BassLink Owner's Manual - 14-1/2" x 12-1/2" x 8-1/2" (369mm x 318mm x 216mm)
bass work factory radio 2010 jeep wrangler difficult install	I have a #4 stranded wire running to mine straight from the battery. You just need to have a sub out on your radio to go to the sub woofer. I've had mine installed for two years and love it. 
wiring needed included ie rcas hot ground leads etc would getting amp wiring kit worthwhile	I believe it is but it's worth the extra $$ to get a good kit with heavier wire.
mount car	It comes with "feet" that I mounted to a piece of plywood so it wouldn't tip. It's in my trunk and I am an aggressive driver! It hasn't tipped or slid at all. It could be a lot prettier but it's not for show! BTW this is a ton nicer than the amplified Bazooka tube I had before. The bass is outstanding and fully adjustable.
wired speakers mounts work wired speaker	Yes they do. They sell in a two pack for $5. See my reviews.
mounts fit energy 51 take sats without modifications	I have the Energy 5.1 myself. The modification I required was to remove the factory hangers (two screws), then attach the Vantage Point hangers (two new holes, then screw on included mount). Very easy, undetectable, most adequate, and very attractive. Good luck.
install two one car	If you are using RCA outputs for input on the subwoofers then yes. If you are using line level inputs you will get most likely get impedance problems.
would sound bmw trunk 95 840ci looking add bass nothing crazy enough rattle whole car	This would be great. It doesn't rattle at all and the bass is "just enough" in my opinion.
lot tapes made camera longer 8mm hi8 play back	BF, This is a great question, because the tapes look similar and it can get very confusing. So I'll make it really simple: If you have 8mm tapes, you'd be able to play them on your Hi8 or Digital8 camera, including this Hi-8 model.
playback work camcorder	Yes it does..for that matter playback will work on all camcorders
device use 8mm tape	Yes it does use 8mm tape! :)
manual downloading properly playback buttons	1. Set the red POWER SWITCH (on the right side rear) to the PLAYER mode. 2.Press the MENU On/Off button. MENU List will appear.
reinstalled new carwhich harness kit buy	Your harness kit needs to match the make and model of your car. Go to crutchfield on the web, you can enter in your car info and get a harness there or get the part ID and get it on Amazon.
willl work sony hdr cx580v camcorder	Hi Carlos, this tripod is not compatible with the camera. You can only connect this to camcorders that have LANC ports. Thanks_Mitch
tripod work sony hdrhc3 1080 handycam	If your hdr-hc3 has a LANC remote jack (usually blue rimmed), it will work.
tripod work sony alpha 58 thanks	Hi Debbiecampbell, Sony VCTD680RM Tripod is not compatible with the Sony A58 Camera. -Vincent
compatible dcrsx40 sony handycam	Not sure, however, Sony is very good about keeping it all in the family. In other words most of Sony's accessory connectivity are compatible
work sony hdccx580 camcorder	Hi Carlos, this is not compatible with the HDRCX580 camcorder as it uses LANC connection. I recommend using the model VCTVPR100 instead. Thanks_Mitch
use tripod canon t3	Yes you can used it with most of the cameras, it fits, but you won't be able to use the electronic commands
remote detach handle atleast wired remote stand near tripod make function	We tried to return it. It wasn't what we thought it was. Unsure where it is now so that I could look at it for you. It was purchased for someone else... Sorry.
sony camera camcoders tripod work sony a65 camera sony hdrux10 camcoder	We bought it for use with a Nikon. Pretty sure it has a universal connector but you might look on Google to make sure.
inquiry one zoom feature remote work brand camcordersm two pan feature work fast three loud pan feature working	1. In general, no. It MAY work with some high-end camcorders with LAN-C controls. 2. What "pan feature"? It has a normal 3-way head. You control the pan and tilt with the handle, so it moves as fast as you move the handle.
mac osx 1083 2009 able use software comes camera load pictures computer thanks	Congrats on having a Powershot A40 that still works. I believe the Canon software was compatible with OSX, but you should be able to just use iPhoto and forego the Canon software.
suitable slr still cameras would tripod work lightweight	It should handle them. It can hold up to 6.6 lbs, from another site. It does have a 3-way head, rather than a simple pan-tilt head, as many video tripods have.
camera compatible windows 8	oh my, this is a very old camera, it was my first digicam, got it in 2001, But what exactly you are planning to do with camera and your PC?
camera come batteries card case type batteries take	No you must purchase the card and batteries seperate. The batteries are sized AA, and it takes four of them. Rechargeable batteries are necessary due to the current draw of this camera. Good luck
come manual	It did brand new, but probably not anymore. They quit making them years ago.
model media control buttons	No, it doesn't. The picture is accurate: the top row buttons are ESC, F1-F12, PrtScrn, ScrLk, and Pause. No buttons for multimedia, no buttons for accessing your Facebook or Twitter accounts, no buttons for making you a decaf half-foam latte. Great keyboard.
macbook pro compatible	I'm typing this from the Microsoft Natural Elite plugged into a regular Macbook. It also works fine on other Macs I've used. The 'Windows' key becomes the Command (Apple) key.
n key working well issue keys especially n key elite	I've never had any that didn't involve me having spilled drinks into the keyboard. You might want to disassemble it and clean, or if it started when new, it could be a quirk of typing style. I've owned three of these with no issues with key function.
windows 7 compatible	We have had many of these keyboards. When they get dirty from our use, we buy another. They are USB plug-in compatible and work with any USB computer.
buy two interact ring independently want put two	These devices come in different channels, which equal frequencies. It is best not to purchase this via mail-order as there is no guarantee that more than one willl have the same frequency. There are packs of more than 1 being sold on Amazon. 
distance sensor eye see description reads 400foot range I assuming range unit receiver	It appears to me the "eye of the sensor" can easily see about 100 feet and probably more if there is a direct line of sight.
install outside across walkway get alerts person approaches chime sounds inside house know person approaching	It covers the driveway and alerts us to vehicles and people walking up the driveway.
sensor continues going time cause	Roy, I'm not sure what all the time means, however if you mean it is in a location that it too frequently sounds off, you may want to narrow the sensing window with some tape.
cat dog set outside	Definitely. Even movement from leaves of nearby trees or bushes; it is non-discriminatory so it recognizes ALL movement. I hid mine in a birdhouse with a wide "entry."
sensor range	Not sure about max range, I was using and getting hits in the 6-8 ft range. A lot of false positives though.
know fit passenger seat 06 scion xb I seen others put much ever sitting	If you enjoy feeling a dense thump transmit throughout your entire body, then you'll love it (as I do).
live stone cottage walls 12 thick able tranmit indoor reciver	We live in an old historic home with thick walls as well. Walls are not stone and probably 8" thick. It works great. Never any problem. Rings loud and clear. 
alarm part goes house onoff switch also load wake night scar death	The receiver has a switch that can be turned off and the volume can be set on low or high. At low we can hear it throughout the house. Volume is not the issue. It's the frequent false alarms that is bothersome.
sensor placed line sight work good placed garage angle depression driveway	I have the sensor nailed to a tree about three feet off the ground. It is very sensitive. I think installed at an angle above the garage would work.
think could leave sitting upright ground want notified cars come need mount something	I would mount it. The sensor is not perfectly flat on the bottom. Also the wind would knock it over.
bigger bread box smaller pack cigarettes dimensions listed	about the size of a pack of cigarettes.
erase tape	I use a magnetic eraser that you slide the tape through and it instantly erases it. We use these tapes on my transcription machine at the office which also has rewind and erase but I've found that it wears out the tapes faster.
bought years ago lost instructions place get manual thanks	I would think you could just google Sony, but other than that, I don't know. Sorry.
kind tape use find one	It uses microcassettes. They are very available in Amazon and also regular stationery stores. I use them every day, and reuse them dozens of times.
new used prices different	it all depends upon what the seller wants.there are lots of cosmetic things that may or may not effect the price. do not settle for the first price you see.look around and investigate. 
durable cold weather	I opened the refrigerator with them on and they did not break.
sound leakage l need portable headphones use bus library want bother people around	Since my husband is the person who uses the headphones and I am in the same room with him, I can answer that question.
model original ms natural kb anyone know still available anywhere	The original keyboard was 58221; that's the P/N on the bottom one I still have in service, which I bought maybe 20 years ago.
accessories needed connect pc headphone jack	Hi Matt; According to the description, it looks like these phones come with the small end (for computers, iPods, etc), and the adapter is used for connection to a larger plug (for stereo receivers, etc).
cord detachable description says detachable answers say otherwise	The cord is NOT detatchable, other than for replacement purposes.
headphones suggest $100 similar specifications bass	I don't know of any in this price range that sound this good even at low volume
feel several hours wear remain comfortable ears get sore	Actually, they're surprisingly comfortable! I can say I used them for about five hours straight the other night mixing tracks and felt no noticeable discomfort.
come software rechargable thanks	It came with software at the time, but this camera came out in 2007. The only way to get one was used and there are better cameras available for cheap.
good job suppressing human speech also want something suppress noises wife makes around house read	Yeah they do. When my coworkers talk to me I have to take them off.
big really small head actually wear kid's helmet would recommend	The headband has a wide adjustment range - I'm pretty sure they will fit ok.
work tv wonder additional required listening wife sleeping	Yes, these headphones will work with your TV as long as you have some sort of headphone input available on your TV/AV Reciever.
huge head good bad choice	These are not large headphones so there will be some pressure on your head. I have an above average head and enjoy them.
mp3 player sound good mp3 player	Yes they do, a lot better than the standard earbuds that come with the mp3. Have an Ipod Touch and Sansa and they both sound remarkably better with these headphones.
get replacement ear pads sennheiser hd 202 cannot seem find amazon anyone help link replacements	I found them here: http://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/352738-REG/Sennheiser_085708_H_85708_Ear_Cushions.html/
sweating use running	I use a pair of these to drum along to my favorite Rush tunes, and I get pretty sweaty when doing it. Long story short, they haven't quit out on me yet even after using them while drumming and even while blowing snow out of my driveway while it was in fact, snowing.
headphones someone big head $25$50 range choices big guy like wants good sound 'phones comfortable	What is your hat size?
need batteries wondering need batteries	they dont need batteries
computers work computer	Yes they do and they sound good as well.
gps waterproof suitable marine use	According to the manual, page 91, the case is "fully-gasketed high-impact plastic alloy, waterproof to IPX7 standards, waterproof to one meter for 30 minutes".
gps sd slot	No it does not.
2way radio performance planing big trip utah looking good gps2 way radio wont break bank	Stephanie, the Rino 120 have a very good radio range. We use ours all the time while hiking in Utah.
software version garmin rino 120 gpsradio main menu&gtsetup&gtsystem&gtsoftware version	The software version is what was already programed when I purchased them new. I have not updated them or added anything different as of yet. I would like to put the topo on them for sure
already set two rink 120's I I would like add 2 rino sold amazon single unit double unit	Mine was a single.
work laptop looking headphone work laptop work	Of course, it's a standard 3.5mm jack.
upload hunt montana maps onto	I have Topo U.S. on mine. I am not really sure if you can upload "Hunt Montana". You may want to contact Garmin first and see what they say.Sorry that I can't be of more help.
good gaming critical lol	They work very well in my opinion, I played the Crysis all the way through and it sounded great
gps good solo hiker mostly needs easy read breadcrumb trail	Not really. A garmen E-trek would be much easier to see because it has a color screen. Plus it is a whole lot more user friendly than the Rino 120. I hope that helps.
find maps utah specifically piaute trails maps format garmin require	You can purchase maps of Utah from the U.S. Forest Service.It accepts downloaded maps from Mapsource.
download maps	yes you can our friend has downloaded many maps and they really trace your movement great this is a great garmin
since discontinued mfgr current maps still available	I have Topo U.S. 2008 on my rino. I Hope that helps answer your question.
need want hook speaker system dvd player else need purchase	You need a reciever for this system
included one tell exactly comes	I just got this item as a gift and was a little puzzled that there were no stereo wires or cable to connect everything. The instructions are vague to a novice like me and am only now discovering that I must connect this to my stereo reciever (which I keep in another room!).
remote thing remote	No, its does not.
cheap got 46 inch hd dlp tv would set cheap	The review from other customers are right. These speakers are a steal for the price.
use computer hook computer	You cannot plug these directly to your computer. You can hook these up to a receiver/amplifier and use one of the inputs on the receiver/amplifier to connect the line-out from your computer sound card.
items pictured included delivered	no
many watts	Please do not order this item, as I had received a JVC camcorder battery for my order. I got my refund as it was their fault, but a waste of time! I think there is some kind of error in the item details on the website.
play dvds cds	No it's horrible
inside dimensions case height width legth zipper opening also much padding	About 30 inches long, 7 inches at high end, down to about 4 at low end. Zipper is about 34 inches, wrapping around wide end. Not much padding.
case fit nexstar 8se tripod remove computerized mount	Hardly, because i have Nextar 6SE, and tripod even without computerized mount don't fit in.
case fit celestron nexstar 8se tripod	no. this is a very narrow bag. i was disappointed with it because the info says it will hold my scopes tripod, but thats only true if you remove the computerized mount
help ideas	I have no manual so I can'tfigure out how to get the rear speekers to work or how any of the arrow buttons work
support input blue ray player like optical digital audio input blueraydvdplayer optical inputted jvc	Just to let you know,I ordered this,kept checking the status and everything looked fine,it was billed to my card,tracking showed it being sent out for delivery,showed it in transit,then delivered.
fit tripod celestron se6	Not completely. I could not zipper it. Will try again in a few days and will let you know.
fit slt 130	I have a 114 mm scope. the tripod fits very tight. The scope requires a much bigger case.
unit hdmi many	No, this was out before HDMI was a thing.
receiver remote	Mine did not come with one, but I bought mine used.
included offer	This is by even the product!!! It's some kind of JVC connector. Don't order it!
receiver optical digital inputs	I do not see any on the back of mine. So I am going to say no. I'm guessing a optic port would have like a little flap with a red light similar to what my sound card has in my computer.
coaxial digital input	Yes it does.
anybody know remote works receiver	SONY RM-U306 remote will work with Sony STR-DE485. If you need one. I can get hold of one. Let me know thanks
allow see vertical terrestrial objects really instead horizontal flat 90 degree diagonal	If you are using a regular star diagonal then the images are mirrored, this diagonal will correct it. Also it will be a bit easier to point a terrestrial objects using this diagonal.
connect mp3 player iphone	Go to radio shack ask for patch cord it works for computer at need adapter for mp3. Ask radio shack or best buy geeks would kniw
work galileo fs 720x80mm telescope	If it fits the eyepiece holder it will work. You need to determine the diameter.
work orion 10022 starmax 90mm saw one orion want $80 want see use instead thank	Yes. Make sure it matches your eyepiece and scope diameters - 1", 1.25", 2", etc
looks like hybrid unit another listing 965 telescope side 125 eyepiece side correct	No! It's 1.25 male on one end and 1.25 female on the other. Anymore, if something is made to a .965 spec, it will be stated that way. Hope this helps.
correct image upside left right	Yes
fit slt102 tripod head	Not able to help.
work celestron skyprodigy 70 28x165 telescope&xff1fwe star diagonal missing package&x3002	Check the specs on your scope. It will tell you the diameter of the lenses and other inserts. 
would item work edmund scientific astroscan telescope	Yes, as the Astroscan uses the same 1.25 inch eyepiece standard. But I would think the 45 degree bend of this Amici prism diagonal might make for an awkward angle to onbser from.
canon t4i dslr work neen	Yes, it will work.
anyone know eyepieces fit inside still fit connection canon eos rebel tring adapter	That isn't how this is designed to be used. This just threads into the T Ring for prime focus.
old sears 60mm equatorial refractor telescope work buy 125 965 adaptor eyepiece work seascape viewing	I am using this adapter on an old orange tube Celestron 90 and it works.
using galilio scope t4i canon work need anything ring	This will work with the Celestorn scopes, but I am not certain about the non-celestron scopes.
celestron 93625 universal 125 adapter 93602 tring work celestron nexstart 130slt nikon d3200 slr camera	Yes
work amscope microscope's trinolcular port diameter silver tube bottom 1	no this is a 1.25 inch insert
work novice tasko	sorry, i have no idea.
work tasco spacestation eyepiece 125 inches diameter	If you're seeing an upside down image in your Tasco eyepiece, then yes, the image erecting diagonal will give you a right side up image.
camera adaptor need strength	More strength? If you could explain I might be able to answer.
sony dsch200 adapter work celestron nexstar 8 telescope	It will fit the telescope but not your camera . the adapter only works with SLR cameras (I.e. ones with exchangeable lenses)
cannot tell picture answers thus far apologize laptop female rs232accepts pins male w pins	Hope I'm not confusing you. It has female SOCKETS. So your laptop needs to have male pins.
nexstar 6 se canon eos t5i correct tadapter get	The T-adapter is more or less universal to the telescope with the right eye piece diameter. You need the correct adapter ring to fit the camera to the T-adapter.
one cheaper celestron celestron 21061 telescopes would good investmentwith ring adapter taking pictures moon	Yes. It will work. I've done it also with a cheap Celestron telescope. You may need a "C" adapter to fit your specific camera. Give it a try and see what you get!
connect celestron 8se pc	I would assume so if this is the type of cable you need to update the firmware. Most PC's don't have the serial port any more so I used a USB converter for my Nexstar 8iXLT. 
work new nexstar hand controller handset jack smaller ones old nexstar hcs	I'm not sure about the "old Nexstar HCs"? Mine has a small two pin cord/jack and this cable works as intended on my Nexstar 130 SLT that I bought about 5 or 6 years ago. Hope that might help.
use usb20 rs485 adapter cable ft232rl aliexpresscom nexstar 127slt	If your PC is an X89 IBM style PC and it is so old it is still running on WIN XP sp3 and have a D-9 Com-1 port, then yes that will work.
help attach sony nex7 celestron telescope could	Yes, it should. Your camera has an E-mount (the part where the lens attaches to the camera). You will require an E-mount to T-ring adapter, so this piece can screw in.
get cable schematic	http://www.nexstarsite.com/PCControl/RS232Cable.htm
see telescope hdtv	Hi, Not exactly sure why I have this cable...related to a firmware upgrade by connecting from the scope to the PC? You may need an extra cable with a USB on one end, and male compatible adaptor on the other end.
male db9 cable	The serial (PC, or DB9) end is Female, which is required to connect to any computer RS 232 port, which is the male side.
width prongs side adapter narrow space 1814 plug adapter bathroom	Over an inch. Look at the photo. The distance between the two prongs is LESS than the distance from either prong to the edge.
work prevent blackout work notebook	I really think you have the wrong slant on what this device is designed to do from the question you posed.
gets unplugged phone line keep working go dead	If the MasterCube outlet surge protector gets unplugged no power will run into your devices thus, powering them off.
depth product putting behind refrigerator want fridge stick	Not more than 1-2 inches. I have it behind a wall mounted tv.
ul rating	Not sure-sorry, But I do know mine worked in a lightning storm. It took out this device but saved my phone. Did not keep it,so can not look at it.
work keyhole mount	yes
surge protection faxmodemphone line work product plugged power outlet depend ground connection	No it does not need to be plugged in. For more see my Amazon review of it.
really hold 8lb speaker find many speaker mounts comically rather tragically overrated eg peerless spk811 videosecu etc	I'm not sure. I had to return the ones I orded because the wouldn't mount to my speakers.
require power connection require kind connection power outlet	Yes! Reference Installation Manual. http://broadband.motorola.com/consumers/products/Signal_Booster/downloads/Signal_Booster_Installation_Manual.pdf
find user's mamnual product	Sorry, I don't know. I just plugged mine in, a few years ago, and have used it ever since with no problems at all. I might add that the antenna it's attached to is an outside HD antenna.
connect antenna tv	I have it connected to where the cable company connects to my house. Its been plugged in for years. I'd buy it again. If it breaks down
buy power supply	They can be purchased at the following site for $10 &gt;&gt; http://www.signalboosterstore.com/dropamps.htm
improve cable hd channels	HD is digital. Digital either works or it doesn't. It is not like analog signals where you can have varying levels of performance. If the HD picture is not breaking up then this signal booster should not give you an improved picture.
good rabbit ears	I purchased this Motorola signal booster for my "rabbit ears"-connected LCD tv. Received the Motorola on 1/31 and noticed it did NOT improve the tv's weak signal.
improve indoor antenna	Not really. What does an "indoor antenna" mean? The input is 75 Ohms coaxial, the frequency range limited to cable signal frequencies (below 1 GHz). 
move verizon wireless router last time added longer cable performance diminished help	I bought this item and it worked exactly as a digital tuner pulling in only 7 of the 12 tv channels. 
60 minutes per side	yes
wait 6 pack tapes says 60 side 60 30 transcribe 60 minute tape &amp used sides	It depends on the speed setting on you hand held recorder. If it is set on 2.4, you will get 30 minutes on a side. If it is set on 1.2, you will get 60 minutes on a side. I hope this helps.
60 minutes per side	30 min per side
carry cassette splicing tape	I'm sorry. Unfortunately, we don't carry splicing tape. Respectfully, Mark, Roy's Treasure Trove
use hotspot majic jack	Hi Carla. We would like to further understand your inquiry. Can you tell us what kind of set up you would want to achieve with this device?
lineofsight range device	Hi Robert! It can reach up to 100 feet.
connect pc already wifi broadcasting pc cant detect wifi good product	Yes it will, however, this unit is so old. I'd consider newer models.
dose work satellite receiver	I believe this will work with a satellite receiver provided you are running a 802.11b capable network.
could connect wifi connect ethernet items internet correct	Yes, this is an older model that only supports wifi B standards.
210 vs 200	Hi Geeta, I'm sorry I didn't see this email before. Other than the obvious cosmetic differences, the silver 210 is slightly smaller (the 200 is a little taller and is thicker than the 210).
earbuds big fit comfortably ears sangeanor brand sell replacement headphones antenna cord	I bought inexpensive Panasonic RPHJE120S ear buds through Amazon, and they work well with my Sangean pocket radio.
would person poor vision happy radio would able fairly easily switch fm station station learns feel buttons	Your friend will not have any problems at all. I used the radio at night to listen to Coast to Coast AM. 
listen radio without headphones	Yes, you can listen without headphones. I have to say that this is my husbands favorite radio. He uses it every day and it's been great.
work directv directv reception strong used someone know also works directv	Check your dish's signal strength - a booster isn't going to solve your problem IMHO. I have DirecTV, so speaking from experience. 
compare sangean models anyone concur disagree	I was the one that posted the comparison of sound between the 400 and the 210. The 210 is easily superior in sound.
mean say trailing antenna	It must be the lead wire that is part of the head set for FM. The AM is built into the radio. I don't see anything else. This radio is used for hours every day and has a good signal here at the house.
digital tv transition affect radio broadcast radio still receive signal digital transition need one like digital tuner	This radio will not receive TV station sound after the transition to digital. 
sangean sr3 comes neck strap listen speakers wo holding lanyard neck strap attached radio	The radio does not have an attachment point for a neck strap. It does have a belt clip. It also allows you to lock the station, so I typically just put it in a pocket.
kind film	it takes panoramic film. the one were you put the film in it and it will rewind it self. you can buy the film in a store that sell's it or you can buy it here on amazon.
one get pictures developed	Go on line and type in the darkroom. They do it for me.
type film use	it takes the 35mm drop-in roll of film. it will rewind on it's own. and you can still buy the film from amazon. but it will be for more money if you buy it in bluk.
lava hd 5605 ultra outdoor antenna connected get signal strength 50 percent	I was told that those antennas weren't very good by the people at Solid Signal. In any case, I'm in a fringe area and have an antenna designed to pull in signals from 60-70 miles. The Motorola Booster will only amplify what it gets from the antenna.
fit 1983 chevy k10	If you look under "Car Parts" in Amazon's automotive section, under Chevy 1983 K10, it lists 4 x 10 speakers. The 4 x 10 size is usually specific to GM cars and trucks.
speaker grills included	Speaker grills are not included with these speakers.
work '99 chevy suburban original rear headliner location without modifications brackets use stock headliner speaker covers	Great choice of speakers. I d say as long as the oem speakers are same size. Then yes. Go for it! ! I'd pull one out n approximately measure old one.
s10 anyone tried install 98 s10 chevy	I had them installed in my 1996 extended cab S-10 without issue, if that's any help to you.
item include speaker wire	Yes
willthesefit1986montecarlorear	They should fit just fine. You could also consider using 6"x9" speakers with this adapter kit: http://www.mikesmontes.com/Monte-Carlo-6x9-Speaker-Adapters-Set-of-2_p_21.html
anti glare properties	My office has harsh overhead lights that casue a big glare issue on my monitor when I do not have this privacy filter on it.
privacy screen blocks view people walking behind tilting screen help	Tilting it does help a bit as standing above it is not as clear but it doesn't totally block it like from side to side.
others walking behind people walking behind see screen	Yes. Someone directly behind you would be able to see the screen. If they couldn't, you wouldn't be able to see the screen either.
anyone tell privacy screen work portrait mode	Yes, they will. They come with sticky tabs you place on the outside of your monitor to hold them in place.
work right instead 1100 comes 1098 suggestions	Jeff ours works 720 to 1710 AM. FM also works. I would return yours. My husband and I each have one.
size filter screen need dell precision 4700	Go to www.3m.com it will give you the exact size filter screen that will fit your computer.
camera digital	No.
easy install	Yes, you can either stick the tabs that come with it on the edges of your monitor (if they fit correctly) or you can just rest it over the screen.
sit open cubicle back passersby anyone walks behind able see screen	Yes they might be able to Val My desk has my back to a wall and people on the side. My application it works great
tis saver help blurryness eyes get long work computer	I'm not sure. I've never had the problem with blurriness. It does take the glare off the screen so that might help.
ordered led monitor going work get different knid filter	Silvia, I have a laptop Dell and filter works very well and was easy to install
anyone tell vga pinout modle 170 monitor need 15 pin	All modern PC graphics cards use the same 15 pin VGA connector .
much ram laptop contain	I relatively sure it is zero. In fact, I'm positive. Most all privacy filters I have encountered are very low on RAM; it's difficult to fit RAM on a 2mm piece of film.
matte	Yes, you can use either side glossy or matte. I myself like glossy :) well worth money and your privacy in long run.
wifi capable	This is just a screen privacy filter which would restrict what someone can see on screen when they are not directly in front of computer. It doesn't protect internet transmissions
good teens go socail networks plays games	"Good for teens" - how? If you mean hiding what you're doing from parents and others, sure.
possible easy stickremove filter required	The filter comes with two methods to use your filter: 1) adhesive tape to adhere the filter to your screen; 2) tabs that adhere to the frame around the screen.
macbook compatible compatible macbook	to be more specific-- is it compatible with the new unibody macbook pro?
gold black effective privacy filter gold seems expensive pricecolor influence level privacy	I have not owned a gold one but if you adjust your brightness on the black one it is very hard to see.
sticky tabs reusable case want use screen two laptops	I don't think so. They're not easily removed.
much ram laptop contain	I relatively sure it is zero. In fact, I'm positive. Most all privacy filters I have encountered are very low on RAM; it's difficult to fit RAM on a 2mm piece of film. 
matte	Yes, you can use either side glossy or matte. I myself like glossy :) well worth money and your privacy in long run.
good teens go socail networks plays games	"Good for teens" - how? If you mean hiding what you're doing from parents and others, sure.
wifi capable	This is just a screen privacy filter which would restrict what someone can see on screen when they are not directly in front of computer. It doesn't protect internet transmissions
possible easy stickremove filter required	The filter comes with two methods to use your filter: 1) adhesive tape to adhere the filter to your screen; 2) tabs that adhere to the frame around the screen. I use the tabs. 
macbook compatible compatible macbook	to be more specific-- is it compatible with the new unibody macbook pro?
best product aware reducing eye strain laptop use	Main purpose of this privacy screen is to protect your information displayed on the screen from the person who is setting beside you.
edit videos laptop	No you can't edit videos because this product being sold is the privacy filter for the monitor - not the actual laptop.
sticky tabs reusable case want use screen two laptops	I don't think so. They're not easily removed.
pentax xcf 16x 50 come carry case	Yes. Carrying case & lens covers are included. The lens covers are not attached.
wobble focus dial defective normal	I never had a problem with mine. So I would say defective. My dial is tight.
edit videos laptop	No you can't edit videos because this product being sold is the privacy filter for the monitor - not the actual laptop.
best way stabilize pentax ptx65793 xcf series binoculars optimal viewing attach tripod use harness	Unfortunately, the binoculars do not come with a native attachment point that can be used with a tripod or a monopod.
best product aware reducing eye strain laptop use	Main purpose of this privacy screen is to protect your information displayed on the screen from the person who is setting beside you. 
gold black effective privacy filter gold seems expensive pricecolor influence level privacy	I have not owned a gold one but if you adjust your brightness on the black one it is very hard to see.
model work people narrow set eyes	I would think so as it is adjustable.
field view 1000 yards	I'm not sure, pretty wide field of view, but I will tell you they are the best I've ever owned. I've used other's that cost alot more money that were not as good.
interpupillary distance model	Sorry bought them for my husband. I have no idea. He works a lot and hasn't had much time to use them.
interpupillary distance model	Hi. I have absolutely no idea what that means. I would hazard a guess that if you are looking for Interpupillary specifications, then this is the wrong model for you.
handset wire good at&ampt phone handsets phones soon find	I wish I could give you a definitive answer, but I cannot. I can say, that the end clips appear standard and fit my Panasonic phones perfectly.
25 foot white coiled rj11 cords	Yes. We have a 12 ft and 25 ft Coiled Telephone Handset Cord (white). Here's the link to that: http://www.belkin.com/us/p/P-F8V101/
know please rj11 cable definitely 6p4c ie 6 pin 4 wire	It is a standard RJ11 that uses a six-position two-conductor connector (6P2C).
anyone used cord long enough determine whether gets knotted thank	I've used it for 2 months and no kinks yet.
actually extend 25ft	No it does not extend 25 feet however I have not tried to stretch it out. I suspect it may after I break it in.
ends one slightly smaller ends click phone set hand set	Michael.......they are both the same.
black	Yes
used connect ipad dj powered speakers	It's basically a headphone jack on one side and rca on other. We use it to play our iphone on our surround sound
anyone know wire gauge used handset cables	Hi, Kiven. We are going to check this with the relevant team and we'll get back to you once we have the info that you need.
barrels metal plastic	the barrels are metal. Also rubber coated.
could cable used connect headphone jack digital sound recorder computer order capture recordings wav another file format trying avoid hold sound recorder front computer's mic	I assume that your computer don't have RCA input (the red and white plugs); it will not work.
cable round flat	Individually they're round (at the Y end), but where they are joined it's flat.
cable orange digital audio coaxial	Both the red and white plugs are audio out connectors.
cable connect auxiliary port bose wave radio	Hi Souther Guy. Yes, you can.
set speakers device plug connect smart tv	Hey Richard, it depends on your setup. Your speakers would need white and red plug-ins and your TV would need to have an auxiliary jack of some sort.
cable function like belkin audio cable splitter 1mini plug 2rca plugs 6 feet except longer 12 foot	Yes. They both have same function except for the length.
used connect ps4 sony sound bar projector sony sound bar	Hi Tasheka. You may use the cable to connect a PS4 to the Sony sound bar. 
cable used connect integrated amp subwoofer thank	Yes, you may Alex.
cord cable connecting sony shelf system samsung flat screen	If your trying to connect the tv to a stereo there are several ways but u need to know what works with your stereo if you tv has a headphone jack this should work as well depending if the wires are in your way.
work interact sv200 mission joystick	Hi Carey. Yes. It will work.
work thrustmaster mark ii fcs joystick	If the joystick supports a DB15 or USB port, this cable should work.
able play pc games bf3bf4arma 2 sidewinder 3d pro running windows 7	The device should not have any problems with the Sidewinder 3D Pro. But to make sure, I suggest you check the compatibility of your device with the Windows 7 OS.
3d sidewinder pro anyone know sure work model using using xbox 360 flight games thank advance response	definitely not. they keep selling these things as such. U must have the "mod" version. 
work logitech's wingman formula gp	Hi. This works for Sidewinder only.
windows 7 64 bit work microsoft sidewinder precision pro	It should work, David.
binoculars waterproof fog proof	Not really. I did not have problems with fogging but it does nto say they were waterproof and I try to keep them dry.
work microsoft force feedback pro	No. I threw it out because it did not work at all. I ended up giving away the joystick and buying a new one.
saitek flight joystick male cord converter work controller laptop	Not 100% sure, but I can tell you it was completely useless for my Logitech stick. While it allows you to physically connect your joystick to a USB port, your PC won't recognize it. My suggestion is to get a newer USB joystick.
extend desktop cable duplicate current screen	this cable will only duplicate the current screen & it is necessary to alter the control panel in windows in order to get both screens to work properly, I used this cable to put my PC screen on my both my digital TV & PC @ the same time
split two monitors play netflix one	You may need to verify it with your computer manufacturer on how to setup dual monitor. It usually require two graphics cards and a motherboard that supports dual monitor.
two 22 monitors currently ext desktop mode add 17 monitor visitors showing one monitor cable	Hello Peter. The Pro Series VGA Monitor Y Cable should work if you add another monitor to it.
vga screen resolution 1920 x 1080 belkin f3g00601 pro series vga monitor cable support resolution	yes
cable support 1080p extended monitor long cable	This is splitter NOT extender and it will not extend your display.. It will only split ( Duplicate ) your display. The cable is too short. 15cm
zip scsi drive 25pin scsi ports adapter work drive question 2 support one series	No, this is a adapter to convert a serial DE-9 (9 pin) comm port to a DB25 (26 pin) comm port. 
looking adaptor connect roland vs2480 hard disc recorder 25 pin scsi external drive usb work use	It didn't work for my SCSI UMAX Astra 2400 S to my Windows 7 or 8.1. Disappointing. Something about the signal maybe.
compatible windows 81 32 64 bit advertisement state win 7	I did not use on the 8.1 Windows, so unfortunately I am not able to answer this questions
want use polaroid 400 scannerany tipsall tell 25 pin male connect	I did not have any luck with my old UMAX Astra 2400S scanner. The driver that came with the 25 pin male 22429 USB adapter only loaded properly in Windows XP.
cable connect hp laserjet 2100tn printer computer usb port	I have a Epson Printer and the cable did not work. So I don't know if it will work for you.
work old zebra technologies thermal printer requires 25 pin null modem cable	I was trying to use this to get an old piece of land surveying hardware to work and was unsuccessful. 
get deriver cable using win 7 machine	a driver i believe that's what you were speaking of, it should have came with it.
work hp 4c scanner	I think you just have to try it -- every device is different. If I had your exact O/S and hardware I could check -- but I don't. In general, I have used it in three places and it has always worked. And I have always been sceptical ...
work logitech's wingman light joystick	No, I ordered this for my joystick and I thought it was the one for mine based on the information provided by the seller. However, this will only work with one joystick, the one it says it is for, and only a certain model number.
usb mini used hard drives 0 bought one pic look like plz adv	It is a mini USB at one end and a regular USB at the other. It can be used for hard drives, if that's what yours uses. 
fit garmin gps	it does fit! i bought it for my external hard drive, but as far as i know, it will fit the garmin also!
work sony handycam dcrsr45 camera connect mac computer	If you are looking to connect your camera to computer, and have this connections sure works for you, just be sure about it!!! Have a great day!
fit android tablet small end tv hdmi large end	No this is a mini USB cable to regular usb not an hdmi cable.
work blue yeti	No
work att&ampt go phone computer download pictures computer	This cable will attach to a computer's USB port and the other end to a device that uses a Mini-B port.
need connect tom tom gps mac work	Yes this is what I use on my Tom Tom XXL 540
work printer printer usb computer	Just count the pins on your existing cable or if you don't have a cable count holes on the back of your printer yes it plugs into your computer USB ports front or back whever you have extra ports. 
work ch products rudder pedals usb version male db15 version	No it doesn't it only works with the Sidewinder Pro by microsoft.
tabs hold cd inserts place like cd cover	Yes they Do. A card or booklet of 4.75" square fits perfectly with no more than 1/16" thickness.
storage cases past difficult remove discs verbatim slim cases easy remove cds dvds	They are easy to get out.
hello many stock need least 320 greetings	We have plenty of the 6ft in stock
case colors picture dont match case colors described product discription	You will get 5 different colors. Believe me, they are attractive...in this package of 50.
want know size individual plastic cd holder insize	This is the standard case size for CD/DVD RW discs. It is however the slim version of a normal Jewel case. 
get pack 1 color	Not that I know of. try the Vendor
dimensions case	the entire case is 5 1/2 in. but the portion the cd is in 5 and 2 lines after the 5, yes I'm a 60 yr old woman so give me a break, if it's not at the half point I forget what the little lines mean.
looking usb cord panasonic camcorder computer model scr h60p	Check out the middle of this page. It helped me out a while back. "types of usb". If not, Radio Shack has always helped me out in the past.
groves file cd empty box	The CD sits in there nicely. It has the middle part where the CD can attach and the CD fits into the round slot nice.
used pictures	If you use for pictures, only 1 on the cover portion of the case
front cover clear color	Hi , The front cover is clear .
shielded	They are triple shielded,solid copper conductors and gold plated sorry was offline a couple days
100% bare copper	I've never seen any bare copper charger cables. The ends are silver, so. .. No.
30 usb laptop windows 81 support 30 usb	It worked fine on my laptop which, when I bought the cables, was almost 4 years old.
work printer windows 7	This is a serial cable so if you printer can handle serial input then it should work .. You need to make sure the USB drivers are up to date however
male female title says male photo shows female	Yes the 9 pin serial is standard for rs-232 ports so it is female the USB is male
mad catz mc2 set pedals plug could make windows 81 compatable	According to Mad Catz support page the device is supported by Windows 8 natively (no drivers required) into a Serial (game) port.
want connect older camera computer work using usb computer since rs232 windows 81	It should work as I've connected various radio equipment, going from RS232 to USB into the pc. I assume the camera has an RS23 port. 
know work connect panasonic smart tv sd cable box need cords	If you are looking to output video from your SD box to your TV then No, this will not work.
joystick cable used connect joystick pc	What OS are you using?
hi purchased forgot ask work windows 8	Yes, this will, I am using it on Windows 8 here in Afghanistan. No worries...
split output stereo split outputs mono	Yes each split output is "stereo" I have been using my splitter for over 2 years.
25 male 25 females	Both male and females are 3.5mm sized connectors.
could use 2 sets speakers could 2 different speaker systems playing thing basically want know could plug 2 different speakers computer 1 audio input music coming computer	Yes, that is what I use one of mine for. I have a computer that feeds two completely separate left/right speaker systems. 
use headset mic since laptop one input	No
work ipad 3	No. It's not part of the compatibility list. You may check the compatibility list here: http://www.belkin.com/us/p/P-F8V234/
plug speakers headphones use speakers game audio headphones skype send everything	This is a stereo output splitter, eg., one output to two devices.
could hook microphone headphones would choose headphones microphone	NO, you can only use it with 2 head phones or 2 speakers or a head phone and a speaker. I never tryed it with a mic but a mic and head phone jack are one in and one out so i dought if you can use it that way.
many minutes music record	This item is just the cases to put your CD or DVD in.
jacks work headphones one speaker	both jacks works for both headphones and speakers, or if you want, both at the sametime
hard reach back computer would like know use splitter headset &amp speakers	Hi Alfred. Yes, you can use it for headsets and speakers.
bought days ago tested twice got home use real work used different cables everything could defective	I assume it worked at some point (adapter) as you said: tested it twice. 
says description use hook vga monitor dvi source hook dvi monitor vga source	I'm not sure. Basically, what you need to do is look at the "input plugs" of your DVI monitor and VGA source. If the plug is a male pin (pins sticking out), then you need a female on that part of the adapter.
used along hdmi dvi cable play xbox one hdmi tv vga doesnt work something wrong	Is it trying to output 1080p HD? This adapter won't work with 1080p. I had to find this out the hard way.
dvr female vga input want connect cable whith adapter phillips tv female dvii input	Assuming the cABLE is also VGA-male-ended, you would think it would work; however, on this adapter itself, the male dvi-input isn't made to spec, so you wouldn't even be able to plug it in barely.
able make vga montier plug dvii output gpu gpu dont vga looking converter good product price gaming vga montier useing	yes it can
anyone use io gear kvm switch	Yes, It work just fine. Bought a updated video card for a ten year old Dell Dimension 4600. The new video card had both VGA and DVI outputs. Now I'm research new updated motherboards for modern processors. They only have DVI and HDMI. It works just fine.
labels used barcodes	Yes
work e port plus docking station need hook 2 vga monitors need cables	Look at the DVI connector on the E Port. If it matches this adapters design it will. In other words on one side of the DVI if there is a horizontal line with 4 dots around the horizontal line in a square this adapter will work.
used dymo turbo 450 printer	Yes, use them all the time in mine.
labels compatible dymo 450	Yes, I have the dymo 450 turbo and they work fine.
labels glossy would useful labeling technical equipment might undergo temperature changes	No, not glossy. I have used labeling network gear with no seen issues yet
anyone know lettering cable plain white thoughout	just got my white 10FT, item # 27163. It got "TYPE CMG 24AWG 4PR 75C (UL) E126126-DG CSA LL58663 FT4 ETL VERIFIED TIA/EIA-568-B.2 CAT.6 PATCH CABLE UTP 500MHZ" on it. I ordered it directly from Amazon.
need connect 2nd monitor laptop via usb need	Yes, but it's a cable for a KVM box. Mine had been lets say 'disabled' by lightning so I bought this as a replacement. I no longer use it. 
cable compatible windows 8 mention anywhere lee	To the best of my knowledge, there is not a compatibility factor with this cable. It is strictly a hardware device.
want switch 2 hp computers one runs xp windows 8 kvm switch work 2 computers	Yes it should work ok
looking connect 1 usb mouse &amp 1 usb keyboard time switcher switch mac &amp win7 pc work	I connect a keyboard and mouse at the same time, switching between 2 different computers running win 7 on one and win 8 on the other, not familiar with Mac, but think should work the same way
win 7 admin privilidge required setup software installs updates required	This product is very simple. The USB that connects to the computer is just like a USB Hub, so I do believe you can get away with basic USB drivers, although the only thing I would question is how locked down your users' computer is. 
windows 7 compatible	Windows 7 was the operating system that I used it with.
osd 2port usb kvm switch 2 cables labeled nonosd indicate significance	osd = on-screen display, like how a TV or VCR displays the channel number or tape counter or whatever on top of the normal video.
kvm work logitech wireless mouse use unifying receiver	I used it with a Logitech wireless keyboard|mouse combo. Worked perfectly.
usb 20	It's been a while since I've touched this device, but yes, I do believe that it is USB 2.0.
want connect vga monitor ubs port laptop right cable	No. This cable is a USB cable and VGA cable that just happen to be glued to each other. This is supposed to be used with a KVM switch but should work generically of you happen to need these cable connectors orientated as-is, unlikely as that might be.
win 7 admin password required set	No admin password is required for setup. This is more like plugging something into an external port like USB and VGA - more convenient though.
wireless mouse	I assume the question is "will this KVM switch work with a wireless mouse". Although I have not used it with a wireless mouse, I see no reason to believe that it would not work. However, it may be necessary to connect your wireless mouse to each of the two systems directly first so that any software that needs to be downloaded from the USB device can be downloaded. Once that is accomplished, everyting should work fine.
one get portable wireless handsets work phone	I have a Panasonic KX-TG6511 portable phone and a Plantronics wireless head set both connected to one line. The other line I use for outgoing calls only with no portable phone wireless headset.
phone full duplex	Yes
need laptop use dual desktop monitors keyboard mouse need docking station well sorry new	This uses a VGA port and a usb port. No docking station is required
vga cable using adapter give improved digital display ports monitor looking better overall graphics	No, the monitor still is getting an analog signal.
plug wall straight plug 90 degree	Straight plug, i.e. the cord does not hang flat against the wall but sticks out perpendicular from the outlet (the usual orientation for most plugs).
long cord	The package says 6 feet.
someone confirm folks end phone hear beep hit 'mute' button	We don't hear a beep when we depress the mute or " hands free" button.
lay flat would potentially rock tip cord pulled	It lays flat.
many watts	Hi. Could tell us more about your inquiry?
clamping voltage surge protector	I'm sorry I don't know what clamping voltage is. I can say that I have all 7 plugs in use with a tv, sound bar, sub woofer, uverse box, a modem and a few other things. I haven't had any problems. all my important electronics is on the surge
right angle plug	Hello QB. The 7-Outlet SurgeMaster Home Series does not have a right-angle plug.
phone answering machine built	NO
safe plug tv	Yes, it is absolutely safe!
work 220 v	I'm not sure. Contact Belkin Support
product compatible venturer cd personal player	I don't know...I use an Insignia NS-P4112 portable CD player with it, and it works great. Whenever you get an adapter, make sure to check its polarity to plug the adapter into your personal player correctly. Directions for doing so should be included with your personal player. Doing this wrong, could make things not play on your player.
work portable jensen cd player 45vdc700am	Honestly, I do not know.
international plug need adapter used	There different plugs but I don't know which one(s) are international
pictured alongside rca cd player&gt&gt none tips fit&gt&gt&gt dont understand deception reason would photograph	I found that only one of the tips fit the RCA CD Player that I also recenty purchased. It is not an exact fit and I am careful not to move the CD player. I had an older model CD player that absolutely none of the tips would fit into - too loose or didn't fit at all. Not a perfect solution at all.
adapter work gpx pc332b personal cd player	I bought the GPX PC301B and that adapter didn't fit in all the way ,it also didn't fit the RCA cd player I had, I finally gave up on the adapter but kept it since it worked on my dvd player
would adapter work riovoit portable cdmp3 player 45 v 500ma	I'm sorry I don't know. It doesn't fit the sweater shaver I bought so I gave it away
amperage product use replace 6v 80ma charger	The 'description' of the product gives info regarding that.
one 6 tip sizes 28 pic	I'm sorry I couldn't tell you. I bought this for my electric sweater "shaver" but it would not stay in. It was a waste of money for me & the maker of the "shaver" recommended the adapter. I gave it away. Good luck to you.
need smartmedia card old camera fujifilm film fine pix 2600zoom fit camera	According to the manual, yes.
end strip usb plug	No. It's a six pin telephone cable surge suppressor. Back in the day of analog modems, we needed these to protect the modems in our computers from nearly lightning strikes. I doubt if it is compatible with modern DSL modems.
spot plug internet cable	No, this surge protector only has electrical ports.
asked measurements smart card got back two different answers need 1 12 inches square	It's not square, but it is the old, larger version. This is not the newer SD/mm card, but the SMC.
dimensions	45 (L) x 37 (W) x .76 (T) mm.
digital voice recorder rca5008 work port thin 1 58 inch	I do not own RCA5008. I use this in my BOSS-BR532 digital recorder and it works perfectly.
come plastic protector case	Yes
fit fuji digital camera apx 2003	I do not know I bought mine for an Olympus Digital Camera. I had to do some research to upgrade the card as the Media Card I had only held 21 pictures. If the camera he has works with Camedia then I would say yes it will work.
dac rca output use cable connect pair studio monitor speakers thanks	It depends on what connection the monitors have. These are RCA on one end and 1/4" on the other end. Most monitors probably do have a 1/4" connection.
smartmedia card compatible synthesizer card actually working fitting synthesizer	did you ever get a response? Im curious too if this card would work with a motif keyboard?
trs cable	It says it's a TS cable and the picture shows a two ring connector which is =tip/sleeve =TS plus any RCA cable is unbalanced anyways.
use guitars	Yes this is the correct type (high impedance) of cable for a guitar signal.
used together become stereo sound speaker individually mono	Yeah!
cable work guitars want hook guitar receiver	Hi MJM, It waork very well is compatible. Rgrds
far cable rca end cable split 14 ends	I would say 5 inches or so, but you can split more if you like.
measurements compatible fuji digital camera approximately 10 years old	All SmartMedia cards are the same size so if your device takes a SmartMedia card this will work. It's very thin and about 2" square. Note that this is not an SD card like more modern cameras require.
work powered mixer computer	I use this cable to run from my laptop to an audio mixer for DJ sound
cable allow record music guitar laptop	If you connect it directly, it will not work well because it is not shielded. You are better off using an adapter and an instrument cable.
connect guitar ipad use amps garageband	I use mine to connect from head phones of edrums to radio/cd player. Can't say about your connection. I would make sure the 1/8" connection is the right application though.
connect ipod single speaker get real stereo soundmy speaker 14 trs input ipod 18	To have a stro sound you need 2 speaker but The sound you can get from your iPod is a quality sound, If you have a good speaker everything is okay.
use cable connect guitar line pc	No
work record output signal coming event mixer I shall I use zoom h5 recorder	I don't see why not. I plug my JamUp plug from either an iPod or iPad into my Tascam recorder with it and have been recording with it. Give it a shot. If you find a better cable in the future, buy it too and keep this cable as a backup. More is better in my opinion.
product said dual cables one cable times two one single line one quarter end rca cable	Yes. There are two separate lines each with Quarter to RCA. The cables are joined together by the rubber shielding, but can be separated completely if needed.
connect output keyboard headphone jack laptop	Yes, but connecting two outputs doesn't do you any good... Maybe try connecting it to the line in on a computer.
want record old cassette tapes computer old cassette stereo large headphone jack correct cable	Yes
work connect headphones older stereo receiver	As long as you have a female to female adapter to connect them yes the cable itself is pretty good
use connect laptop home stereosurround sound	Yes
use cord connect computer mixer	Yes. I actually do D.J.'n and I use a couple of these for a dual laptop setup.
work plug guitar 18th input stereo	Yes
tv headphone jack use connect tv speaker	That would depend on what you mean by speaker, but chances are no. This is for hooking a TV or Stereo into a device that has a headphone jack--like a phone, or a computer. 
separate rca end's way 18 jack picture show complete cable assembly	Mine is definitely able to be separated to the plug. I use it on a small Computer desk stereo and they work fine, too.
analog digital good choice use cable go old vinyl turntable analog mic jack pc	I realize this is an ancient question. You'll need to plug your turntable into an appropriate preamp, then this would work as you describe.
pull cable apart order get 2 independent trs rca cables advantages disadvantages	Yes you can separate the cable to make two independent cables if you need them without any problems.
cable split need 14 side split middle reach studio monitors side desk	This cable is about 3 feet long and can be split as far down as you like. Just by pulling apart the two wires, you could really turn this into two cables if you like.
pretty big question work plugged back krk rokit 5s via xlr behringer uca222 ucontrol interface computer	the plug is rca to 1/4 and is standard RCA and 1/4, so if your stuff use this kind of plug it should be okay.
amp one 14 output jack record stereo even one output need going pair behringer uca222 helps	If your signal is mono, it will only record as mono. You can split the signal into two channels, but it's still going to be mono
wanting check make sure buy coupler female sides correct	Yes. I used it to combine a couple of RCA cables I had laying around instead of buying a new longer one.
35mm	Yes it is
use connect speakers alienvibes speakers	If you are connecting up to two RCA cables, then it will work. I don't know what alienvibes speakers are, but this is not a splitter. 
35mm	Not sure what their specifications are but standard RCA cables (to connect between Phono, CD player, etc.) fit into each end of coupling. We have bought half a dozen of them.
get one two plugs picture shows two sometimes learned showing views	Two come in the package.
need connect numark mixtrack midi controller directly crown amp	I'm not sure I used it for something else! I used it for running my studio monitors to my Mbox!! I hope this helps!
work security cameras	I had no problem hooking mine up
cable work amplitube rig adapter	James- Yes, it will work with the amplitube 1 rig adapter! This is a great cable and has worked for me for over 4 years now, and still looks and sound brand new!
want go way description product hard tell whether source starts 18 way	Cables like this allow the source to be from either direction. It is just wires... no matter which direction the signal comes from.
cable need connect new bass guitar computer	Yes
use play music galaxy s3 denon home theater receiver	If your receiver has a quarter inch audio input, then yes.
sennheiser e200 g2 guitar wireless looks like exact match minus knurled ring cable work	Not really sure, this is a stereo to mono cable. Will that work for you?
probably obvious someone please confirm stereo mono trs end words combines channels signals	Yes it Is....For instance the small end would go to Computer or other Sound source phone ETC.And the big in end would go into and amp.or other music receiving devices.
hook macbook headphone jack pa monitor	Yes, I use it for my iPad, connected to my Bose L1 and it works perfectly. It is the same principal.
connect guitar computer microphone port record sound	Yes, you can. It's much better if you use an amplifier.
im using phone play sound samsone dj speaker cable ok friend saying need balanced one damage	Your friend is right i bought by accident thinking both ends were stereo but the big end is not so if you use like you say you are losing half your sound from your source
material plating contacts gold silver tin copper	Since the plastic moulding surrounding the contacts is not removable, only the manufacturer(www.hosatech.com) will be able to answer this, but suffice it to say, it gives a solid contact and strong signal. I use it with my laptop so I can utilize my studio headphones, and am very pleased with it's performance.
work mic camcorder	While I have not personally tried this -- based on a fundamental working knowledge of electronics and personal experience with audio equipment, it should theoretically work.
im cunfused size female part im loking 633mm 35mm one fit description thank	6.33mm is the same as 1/4 inch, yes this will work for you. I was very pleased with this purchase. Good quality product!
work audiotechnica athm40fs professional studio monitor precision headphones want connect laptop	I think so. I bought them so that they could plug into iphone.
know male end fit hole otter box defender case samsung 101 tablet	shouldn't be a problem as long as the case doesn't extend too far from the tab.....if a standard set of earbuds or headphones will fit this will also..
male end fit cell phone female end sized ear buds	The male end is the 3.5mm (1/8") size, might fit into a cell phone, depending on the phone. But it's not one of the (many) USB type connectors that typically go into a phone (although it fits into most MP3 players). The female end is a FULL-SIZE traditional 1;/4" jack (think "guitar cord") and earbuds are typically a 1/8".
work pyle wirelss microphone iphone 6 video camera	sorry , i really dont know
incorrect title pic '14 right angle 18 35mm'	hi. no 1/4" is straight and 3.5mm is angled... I use this adapter to connect me 1/4" terminated headphones to cell phone or laptop.
use adapter plug one mono mic left another mono mic right sound video stereo	The source from the mono mic you plugged into the left will be routed to the left channel, and that from the mono mic you plugged into the right will be routed to the right channel. 
used connect two separate mics camcorder	As long as the mikes have 3.5mm connectors it should work fine...signals don't care what direction they travel in...
mono xlr cable 14 use adapter change stereo	No. Mono in = mono out. You must have stereo in to get stereo out.
male end skinny enough fit typical smartphone case	No, it is not.
adapter work connect two sets speakers together giving right channel one set left channel another	Yes...I use mine so I can get stereo out of my MP3 player along with two portable speakers. Works great.
plug stereo headphones red side sound come sides headphones	No
hook male jack amp connect female jack separate speaker get stereo sound correct	One speaker will get the left mono audio channel, the other speaker will get the right audio channel. Combined it will be stereo since you have two speaker.
need able split audio dj work really stereo two mono female connections	Yes. The mono in are left and right channels on the stereo out. I use it to adapt a stereo microphone with Ll&R channels to my HD Camcorder. Works great!
use cable connect stereo mic [at9400] independent l r cables [35mm] laptop maintain stereo separation	Probably. The key is the input connectors have different colors. That is usually a good sign that they are handled as a stereo pair.
35mm 18 connection 35mm 18 connection	Yep, and just so you know, this is a Left and Right splitter, not a headphone stereo splitter. And it works great btw : )
work canon ef 85mm f18 lens rebel t4i body	It should work with any full size EF canon lens (but won't work with the EF-S lenses). I haven't used it with the EF 85, but have used it with several other EF lenses. You should also get plenty of light with the teleconverter with the 1.8.
auto focus work ef70300mm f456 usm lens canon t3i	It works for me on both my 70-200 f4L IS and Tamron 70-300 IS. I don't own the Canon 70-300, but I'm sure it will function for you just fine. It works for me, functionally, the same as these lenses do without the TC. I like it.
work efs lenses 55250 efs work efs lenses 55250 efs	No
work digital rebel xti body ef lens obviously know efs	yes, it does.
photo clear says canon electrical contacts af ae reduced manual	Works fine with my T3i and 70D using either my Canon fast-50 or Tamron 17-270. If you're using a non-Canon lens, make certain its mount is for Canon. Yes, the contacts are there.
anyone used tamron af 14 teleconverter canon 400mm l f 56 prime satisfied	Sorry, I did use it on a Tamron 18 - 270 mm. It worked perfectly including the AF.
28 lense	It's a telecoverter, so you will lose a stop of light. You would have to use a really fast lens with this to get an f2.8.
product work input devices microphone guitar work adapter microphone input	This device is a tip-ring-sleeve connector at each end... the male to my phone, the female accepts my older 1/4" T-R-S earphone plug; good stereo into my earphones. 
converter lens make snowflake larger	This converter will magnify a snowflake so it will appear larger, though how much larger depends on the primary lens. I use my 1.4 converter with a 70-300 lens and it definitely helps when photographing birds or wildlife.
doesit work 50mm f18 lens	As long as it is a Tamron lens it should work fine.
020fca mean	That is just Tamron's model #.
ubs connection	No they don't. They use standard 3.5 mini-jack
many watts per channel	CA-3550 satellite wattage is 6 watts/per, subwoofer wattage is 20 watts. Altogether wattage is 6+6+20=32 watts. Hope this answer is helpful!
many speakers satellite	only one speaker in each satellite.
help find ca3550 satellite speakers code 4 digits cyber acoustics website place order satellite	Don't understand what you are looking for. Model #,serial#?
let sure use cable connect laptop amplifier listen music movies laptop	In mono yes, I use it to go the other direction, from a venue amplifier to my laptop for recording/broadcasting.
use android phone	Yes
miss company btw voltage hertz live japan really want use thistokyo 100v 50hz	Not certain if this is what you're looking for but here's what I know. 32watts total RMS, Satellites - 6 watts / ch x 2@4ohms, subwoofer 20 watts @ 4 ohms. 68 total watts
want put speaker side chair woofer behind wires long enough without splicin work 35mm rcar	Length of the wires are about 3ft. Not very long. You may have to splice depending upon the distance of the "sweet spot" location.
many fl oz bottle	6.76 fluid ounces (200 mL) for Monster Screenclean
far away satellite speakers pick	Hard wired not wi-fi
work screen protectors matte clear screen protector I I would like clean	I have used this on both matte protected televisions screens and computer monitors (Apple Cinema Display) as well as on my iPad glass with no negative issues.
spray mechanism locked way bought spray	I didn't find a lock on mine, and I just started by pushing the pump and it sprayed. You might have a defective sprayer.
used product family members led tv left smudges use could get rid smudges thanks	The led tv needs to be way cool and off when you clean it.
monster clean work dog spit lcd tv	I'm guessing yes. It worked when my 3 yr old nephew touched my lcd tv with his peanut butter and jellied fingers.
safe use macbook retina screen	Yes it is safe to use. I use this product for my LCDs screens, it's so good, just make sure you read the instructions if you decide to buy it!
cloth lint free cloth	yes, it is lint free. I have had no issues with it and it cleans beautifully.
quarantee homeproduct damage samsung screen also smoke product work problem	I've been using since last week and has been pretty good.
sound	It is very loud and I loved them unfortunately my son broke my speakers :-(
frustration free packaging different product entirely click picture changes look	I AM NOT SURE WHAT YOU ARE REFERRING TO.
use sum two stereo outputs mono audio interface	Short answer, yes. But you won't be able to split the channels (L/R) on your interface. As you are going into a mono input this shouldn't be an issue.
hi could tell would work connect two karaoke microphones within input	Yes
ycable used split speaker load example 8 ohm amp 2 16 ohm cabs thanks	No match your ohms or your amp can fry.
would like know cable would work connecting speakers togetheron different sides140 watt 8ohmuse system karaokepeavy 3000	It's what ever side you hook it to is the side you get(if you hook it to the right side your only going to get right side effects. I have one on my electronic drum kit to add an extra cymbal, but whatever I set me module to that's what both cymbals sound like. Hope this helps
merry christmas could please tell ca3550 speaker code 4 digits speaker code bottom speaker best regards l_y8115	There is no evidence of a code on the bottom of my units either main unit or the two small speakers. Just a small tag with CA 3550
use speaker cable power audio	this is an audio only y
used connect guitars 1 amp	Yea it can
use one splitter another splitter amp 1 input need atleast 3	Yes, but with two or three guitars the volume will probably go down. It will place the inputs (guitars) in parallel with each other so that the overall input impedance (sort of like resistance) goes down and you'll probably loose some of the volume. 
plug hosa 14 inch stereo auxiliary output	No - This is a mono connection, which splits in to two mono connections. you can tell by the little black line on the male end of the cable in the picture.
hi could tell would work connect two karaoke microphones within input	Yes
use device run bass amp one female end headphone amp use inear monitor	Any Two 1/4 male ends can be plugge into this adapter. it needs to be plugged into a female source.
come power adapter	No
buy extra mobile antenna dont want huge antenna car	I am sure you can buy another antenna. However, the antenna included is a small one already compared to others. Good luck!
work road trips two cars communication two cars range	I found the work great for me, app. one to one and half apart. There may be a lot on the channel in the area you will be working in which could cut down on the distance.
car charger come unit	There is a car charger included
use headset unit	No, you can not use a headset with this unit.
difference roadtrip version hh 38 wx st version mag mount antenna radios	One is stay put and the other one goes with you.
connect magnetic antenna radio wiring hard	It connects to the top of the radio in the same spot where the flexible antenna goes. I had nothing but trouble with this radio and it quit working all together and Cobra wouldn't do anything about it except tell me they would repair it at my cost plus shipping. 
far work 25 miles	Not for me, I get about 3 miles in good conditions.
speakers wireless kind receiver need hook tv	No the speakers are not wireless. You can hook them up to any receiver, intergrated amp or power amp. The amp has to put out a least 25 watts of power. 
system hook directly hd tv need amplifierreceiver sort	You need an amp. I doubt that your TV has a powered output capable of driving the Bose.
kind external antenna setup would good connect car	The one that comes with the unit would be ok for the car. The cb is good for up to 4 miles depending on the atmosphere for the day and the terrain that you're in. You will need to crack your window or run the cable between the door and exterior of the car.
system include subwoofer	This system includes two sets of cube speakers, bass module, plus speaker wire. The bass module is your sub-woofer. Nice stereo system.
build system I I would like full system end start add cubes later center rear	Yes
voices sound without center channel speaker thought center channel needed hear voices need separate center channel spkr	No, you do not need a center channel speaker to hear voices. 
pioner works bose acosutimass 5	Sure, any stereo receivier would work.
swr already set mobile antenna	the swr is set for the short rubber duck antenna that comes with it ,,i own three of these ,,on motorcycles and they are great for at least 1/2 mile or more on the open road ,,highly recommended,,,you can add other non ground plane antenna but then you will need to set the swr ..
speaker connect pc	You can't. Unless you have a computer with an amplifier capable of delivering the power needed, namely 100 W RMS.
work dish vip 211 k receiver	Yes
buy extra transmitters advertisment says exist cannot find never able get company phone	Was available through Amazon.com
speakers regular speaker wire connections back special bose wire	Standard wire
listing mentions 120v adapter later says batteries included unit plug one runs batteries	Both are plug in
triple infrared extension mean three cords emitters one controlled device use extender	If I remember right, it's one cord with 3 emitters at the end. (It splits into 3 so you can place them in front of different components.) I do recommend using the emitter - trying to point the receiving box at the components didn't work nearly as well as hiding it behind everything and running the emitter cable directly in front of the component to control. 
hook drict tv receiver	These speakers require an AMPLIFIER or RECEIVER to operate.
direct tv box one room feeds tv's 3 rooms work unit walls	Yes
two set top boxes different tv two separate terk extenders one wihin 50 foot area	I would not buy this thing. Cheap. And it does not work at all.
necessary place receiver precise position front near cable box etc emitter cable	Sure you can use the emitter cable if you want. It has three LED emitters on the end of it so you can put ONE on three different devices and therefore control three different units (cable box, stereo etc) with their respective remotes through the Leapfrog System.
wires connected banana plugs	They have their own system that uses wires run through the base speekers. I have sense purchased sonos speekers . Sonos is far better and no wires
speakers wireless kind receiver need hook tv	No the speakers are not wireless. You can hook them up to any receiver, intergrated amp or power amp. The amp has to put out a least 25 watts of power. You would run the audio out of the tv into the amp. Go to the Bose website to see how the speakers should be connected to the amp.
system hook directly hd tv need amplifierreceiver sort	You need an amp. I doubt that your TV has a powered output capable of driving the Bose.
system include subwoofer	This system includes two sets of cube speakers, bass module, plus speaker wire. The bass module is your sub-woofer. Nice stereo system.
long antenna's fully cannot huge antenna sticking looks bad	They are probably less than 5 inches. I have one in a cabinet which you cannot see and the antenna is fully extended. The other is on top of a TV with the antenna pointed back. The antenna is about 1/2 extended. It works fine.
work amazon fire remote	These are just infrared signal transmitters. I'm not familiar with Amazon Fire but to me a remote is a remote sending a signal. I would think that these would work with most any remote, these are just transmitters and mine work fine with my Direct TV as long as nothing is blocking the signal to the receiver or transmitter.
build system I I would like full system end start add cubes later center rear	Yes
pioner works bose acosutimass 5	Sure, any stereo receivier would work.
voices sound without center channel speaker thought center channel needed hear voices need separate center channel spkr	No, you do not need a center channel speaker to hear voices. If listening in stereo or mono you will hear all the audio there is to hear.
purchased &amp work 100 feet put within 20 feet &amp works put 25 &amp work	I've never used it at that distance, and before I would've bought it for an application of that distance I would've called the company. I have 2 of them at a normal distance of around 15 - 20 feet.
speaker connect pc	You can't. Unless you have a computer with an amplifier capable of delivering the power needed, namely 100 W RMS.
work bose	if it had worked I would have kept it. The Terk INDOOR AM ANTENNA did absolutely nothing for my Bose Radio.
kind end connection simple wire jack kind	A 1/8" jack connects the antenna wire to the Terk. The other end is pos/neg bare wire.
speakers regular speaker wire connections back special bose wire	Standard wire
rid radio buzzing noise matter turn radio	Found that the antenna does an excellent job of pulling in stations that I could not get before I purchased the antenna. Not sure I had any buzzing, just a lot of static that went away when I placed the antenna on top of my radio. I'm now pulling in an AM station that is over 100 miles away. Get it loud and clear now. Couldn't get it at all before I got the antenna.
compensate internal household electrical interference cannot listen house except portable select areas	My Terk am antenna is surrounded by a tv, several pieces of audio equipment and powered speakers and I have no problems picking up clear am reception...&#128522;
live rural area &amp receive radio stations help get radio stations	I was able to significantly improve my radio's reception of my favorite station which is over 100 miles away. Before purchasing the Terk antenna I could get the station but it was full of static and hard to listen to.
hook drict tv receiver	These speakers require an AMPLIFIER or RECEIVER to operate.
antenna work place top entertainment centerabout 6' feet away	No it has to be next to the antenna
work bose wave radio	I don't have a Bose, but it worked very well with my Sherwood AM/FM Stereo Receiver. I live in a fringe area and it brought in my stations like when I lived in the city. Worth every penny I spent on it.
wires connected banana plugs	They have their own system that uses wires run through the base speekers. I have sense purchased sonos speekers . Sonos is far better and no wires
harness come connecting straps harness binoculars shown picture	no
something use short wave listening	I don't think this antenna is built for anything but the AM commercial radio frequencies.
attachments make work nikon dslr	Yes it comes with rings you can attach to camera. Never used it for camera but it would work.
product bring stations bose system iii	I believe it will help but I think it works best when directly connected to the unit''s am antenna input rather than sitting on top of it. You will have to move the antenna to different locations to get the best reception for your stations.
wide shouler straps	not very wide
harness come straps shown picture connecting harness binoculars	Yes it comes as a complete assembly attaching to the binoculars.
works 220v sockets thank	Yes, mine came with a bi-volt power adapter (120-240v).
work nikon prostaff 5 line	I m not sure, but i think so, it is ok with any type of binoculars
connect antenna radio sony dream machine hoping improve reception	This antenna does not need a cable connection to work. The key is to position the antenna close to the radio and then tune the antenna to the individual frequency you want to hear. Here are the steps to make it work the best. Good luck.
work connect usb ethernet adapter like one provided pluggable httpwwwamazoncomgpproductb004	I'm not sure, I would need to know more about what you are trying to accomplish. What kind of circuit are you building?
long power cable	It looks like 4 to 5 feet.
connect charging port win 8 tablet another port flash drive work simultaneously hub connected ac	I have connected my iPad to charge and had (3) TB portable hard drives and could still access them.
connect power source via mini usb need buy separate power cable	It's comes with a dc power cord the circle kind but you don't need power to charge stuff if plugged into your computer, just not as fast of a charge
charge ipad air	it charged both my iphone 5 and my Ipad 2 Did not try with an ipad air. :)
use connect 2 computers one printerscanner data needs flow ways	I dont think that will work. It will serve you better to just connect the printer to one computer and setup a network for printer so that multiple computers on your network can print from it.
hub provide power sourceupstream plug shown specs	If I understand you right, yes. The hub is powered and will provide power to any thing plugged into it (optical mouse, keyboard, Thumb drive). The 2 "high" power ports are for fast charging something but does not fast charge if the hub is connected to a PC. They supply the usual USB voltage.
use wheel data window scroll smoothly steps line time	I think all mice snap to each line to some extint. The motion is fairly smooth however. So the answer is yes but in smooth increments.
length cable cord usb hub power socket	Well, I am not with mine here to measure it, but I think it is something like 1m (not less than that).
mouse 11 version	I can't say positively since I bought the mouse for someone else and no longer have possession of it. I still have the one I bought many years ago which does say 1.1 on the bottom. However, I looked at the photo of the product on Amazon and it does not say 1.1. But in all other respects, the mouse is the same. Hope this helps.
mouse loud clicking sound	It isn't completely silent but it clicks easily so it isn't loud per say. I'd say about average. Less noise than clicking on a laptop's buttons.
mouse working smoothly mouse pad hard time trying move pointer want	Make sure your mousepad is not too reflective.
favorite mouse time discontinued price rising anyone know good current gen alternative	If you go to http://www.amazon.com/Microsoft-D66-00029-Wheel-Mouse-Optical/dp/B00006B7HB?ref_=pe_527950_34207370 , there are 12 used ones starting at $4.91 and one refurbished at $19.95 .
need additional products hook	No, everything you need is included to hook up to your existing telephone.
product work cordless phone	Yes, just as log as its plugged into the outlet from the phone company it should work. Either a separate jack (in another room even) or plug this into wall and the phone base into this device.
work digital phone mother comcast service digital	Yes, it does. It is really loud. My parents really like it.
operate zoom magnifier ths mouse	you drag the center gray roller which you can see in the picture with your finger.
main listing new retail product kind packaging	This model is not a new product. It's been around for a decade or more. However, the mouse I received was brand new.
ringer amplified 95db 25db volume controldoes mean amplifies voice audio well ring	It didn't do that to ours.
unit work multiline phones system	I don't think so
ringer capability	Yes, it has an on/off switch on the right hand side. A tone control (hi med low) on the left side. And a volume slider on the front as well as the red led. 
device actually work cell phone iphone phone house	I wouldn't think so. It utilizes a standard wall mounted phone jack to supply the low voltage to activate the ringer.
work cell phone	NO, it is dependent on regular phone line jack which of course a cell phone does not have.
cable need connect headset polycom vvx300 phone	I don't know. I used the cable connect to a Cisco 7962 phone.
ringer adjust lowfrequency versus high frequency sound	no only a volume control...
headset used computer	Leslie - this particular product is a cable which connects a standard phone jack to a headset. It isn't intended to be used with a computer. As an aside, I have a full Plantronics headset setup and it's a very solid product offering, albeit perhaps one which doesn't align with your needs in this case.
plantronics hw 251n supraplus headset does'nt work a10 direct connect cablewill headset work plantronics polaris cable	It depends on what model your telephone is. Different cables are designed for different phones. Plantronics has a compatibility tool on their website you can use.
connect cord panasonic cordless phone headphone jack	this cord goes from the headsst to an amplifier box to which the phone also connects. You cannot plug from phone to headset direct to the phone.
allow plantronics blackwire c420 headset connect cisco ip phone 7942	I don't know the answer to that. Sorry.
size fit	Earpiece without ear cushion measures 2-1/4 x 1-3/4 inches. Fit is perfect.
fit xbox 360 headset	Yes they will fit a xbox 360 headset. I purchased these a while back and they fit perfectly. They also seem to be of better quality than the Microsoft version cushions.
cable allow use plantronics headset hw261n desk phone without getting m22 amplifier enough volume	I use it with the hw216n headset paired with the plantronics ct-14 phone, works great.
cushions fit headset plantronics vista	Not sure but do know that the plantronics web site is very easy to use and tells you which of their products work with others.
use convert usb headphone playstation 4 controller headphone jack work	I don't know. But it plugs fine in XBOX 360 controller. I don't have a PS4 controller to test, sorry.
using connect binaural plantronics headset at&ampt 2 line speaker phone audio bit loud &amp also staticky suggestions	I have the opposite. It's too quiet for my Panasonic phone. Haha. In my experience if it's staticky, then the male end is either turning or the jack is getting worn. 
usb headset call center need plug desktop at&ampt phone 25 mm plug anyone know work	I'm using this part to connect my call center type headset to my Panasonic phone Note that the connection is NOT a USB connection although it resembles it a bit.
use connect at&ampt 993 desk phone plantronics hw301n headset	I'm actually unsure. I just took a chance that the millimeters would match my Panasonic. I would THINK there wouldn't be a problem. It's just annoying having a regular cold that has to attach to this connector cord.
need phone hooked need ring garage go house answer	No, just connected to your phone lines
use computer	I'm not 100% sure but I think the computer's mic port is for input only. There is a separate port for audio output. This connector is made for headset ports which have both. So unless your computer has a specific headset port, I don't think this would work.
cable compatable plantronics s11 amplifierheadset	Sorry - I haven't used that particular model.
25mm adaptoer work plantronics s12 heaqdset work	I have a logitech headset with a USB cord to attach to the computer. I know you stated one end of this adapter is a 2.5mm jack plug but is the other end a usb receiver that my usb could fit in or no? I am trying to figure out what I need to get to enable my usb headset to connect to my home phone jack.
plugged top electrical outlet enough room still use bottom outlet	It may depend on how your outlet is configured. All of my outlets are horizontal with the two prong and ground holes facing the same direction.
clamping voltage maximum volt level allow pass thru load	Tripp Lite's website specs say: "UL1449 let through rating 400, 500, 500", so if my understanding of surge protector-related stuff is accurate, this little unit is probably not the best choice for sensitive and/or expensive electronics like computers, TVs, etc.
use cord phone plantronics h81	Not sure but you would use a 3.5mm adapter for a cellphone, 2.5mm is for wireless or fixed desk phones
work treadmills	I'm actually using this with a treadmill--so yes, it does!
handle refrigerator	I have it in use on my 25 Cubic Ft. Refrigerator for some time now and have one on my freezer. I also us it on my Microwave. The micro wave one gave out after about six (6) years.
new garage door opener installer recommends using surge protector protect opener would suppressor good choice	There are better one's on the market protection wise, but this one filled my need to fit in a tiny space.
color spikecube white beige	Well, it is definitely not white. I would call that pastel gray. It is similar to the color of typical cover on a wall plug.
work iphone 5c	Not unless you get an adaptor for the end. It won't fit in the iPhone.
connect adaptor	Yes, they work great
two lights unit one green one red green light stands ok plugged item protected red light mean	IF the Red light comes on when you FIRST plug it in...your house wiring ground is OK IF the light goes OUT after a time, you have taken a surge big enough that it has FAILED, and you will need to replace it.
powerful enoughcompatable forwith apple desktop computer	YES
surge protector continue supply power surge occurred desirable want connect freezer	Surge protector are designed to stop the flow of current to your electrical device. This product is no different.
head set noise reduction	No, it doesn't.
headset rj9 rj11 connection	No it does not I ordered it as a replacement for my Plantronics phone T10 the connection is wired through a modem. Hope that answers your question have a good day.
also work s12 looks exactly one currently using s12	I would check with Plantronics. It might be that the headset plug fitting is different. The T10 uses a standard telephone fitting for the headset plug while some of the other models use a different type of plug.
know rj9 cable fit work plain old landline phone	No it doesn't
work polycom hd voice soundpoint ip 335 phone	I think that's what I was using when I had this headset. The headset was okay, but people were always asking me to speak up.
attach t10 phone base like telephone cord	yes
headset come converter place ear lop rubber piece covert	it usually does but need to check notes on who purchase from
headset work plantronics s11 phone sytem	My Plantronics phone is a T20 and the headset works perfectly. The only issue I can see is the place where it plugs into the phone. My phone has a [female] plugin for the headset that is like a standard phone cord has (male RJ11 moduler plug).
headset require s10 telephone headset system received headset connected avaya phone headset jack mic working	We use it without any Headset system Connected directly to RJ9 jack on Polycom IP550. You may need to play with the settings to get it to work properly.
also work s12 looks exactly one currently using s12	I would check with Plantronics. It might be that the headset plug fitting is different. The T10 uses a standard telephone fitting for the headset plug while some of the other models use a different type of plug.
head set noise reduction	No, it doesn't.
headset rj9 rj11 connection	No it does not I ordered it as a replacement for my Plantronics phone T10 the connection is wired through a modem. Hope that answers your question have a good day.
headset require s10 telephone headset system received headset connected avaya phone headset jack mic working	We use it without any Headset system Connected directly to RJ9 jack on Polycom IP550. You may need to play with the settings to get it to work properly.
work polycom hd voice soundpoint ip 335 phone	I think that's what I was using when I had this headset. The headset was okay, but people were always asking me to speak up. 
know rj9 cable fit work plain old landline phone	No it doesn't
attach t10 phone base like telephone cord	yes
headset come converter place ear lop rubber piece covert	it usually does but need to check notes on who purchase from
used 8000 btu window air conditioner	I'm not sure. I am using it on my washer and it does great
headset work plantronics s11 phone sytem	My Plantronics phone is a T20 and the headset works perfectly. The only issue I can see is the place where it plugs into the phone. 
nec model dsx 22b work phone	Hi Cheryl O'Hea. I'm not sure, my usage for the device was for online computer classes needs. But I never got to use it because it needed USB connection not phone. Sorry I can't help
nec model dsx 22b work phone	Hi Cheryl O'Hea. I'm not sure, my usage for the device was for online computer classes needs. But I never got to use it because it needed USB connection not phone. Sorry I can't help
work outlet grounded threepronged outlets well work grounded	The manual clearly warns against connecting this to an ungrounded unit. An ungrounded outlet is not only a safety risk to what you plug in it, but also completely negates any benefit of a surge protector.
made usa	It's labeled "assembled in Mexico"
apart emirfi line noise would device also address 'ground loop' issues	No. No electronic filter can address ground loop noise. You need to eliminate all grounds but one to do that.
difference ultrablok isoblok2	From what I can see there specs are identical, one is a little smaller than the other. Here are links to there respective web pages. http://www.tripplite.com/sku/ULTRABLOK http://www.tripplite.com/surge-protector-isobar-2-outlets-direct-plug-in-1410-joule~ISOBLOK20/
long ge surge protector work redundant imac cord cannot reach outlet office need use extension	It is redundant. The best solution is to use a power strip (extension cord with a metal or plastic block on the end). Get a heavy duty one, and you will be fine.
I thinking using refrigerator unit blows due power surge still pass power refrigerator	No. This is a surge protector, not a Uninterrupted Power Supply (UPS). You would need a UPS unit. TRIPP-LITE offers great options for those also.
happens ultrablok wears still allow power supply pass degree protection decline time	Vivek, the ULTRABLOK's three diagnostic LEDs (line ok, line fault, and protection present) show power and protection status at a glance.
use ulirablock refrigator	I suppose you can but the problem then is that the refrigerator will stick out approximately 4 inches from the wall. The ultrablock is pretty thick.
use washing machine	Yes, I have one for the newer LG washer and it works fine.
surge supression electric company meter would device protect brownouts	This is a surge suppressor .. Not a backup battery
model cut power surge rather absorbing power	I am just going by the information provided on the product on Amazon and it looks like it will filter out line voltage variations up to 1440 joules, I bought it because of the spacing of the plugs to allow transformer space and the long lead in cord using heavy duty wire, I am very happy with my purchase.
hold 5 plugs look like closed open	There are 8 plugs. They all close off. Yes they all open
holes back mount wall	Yes.
power strip reset switch	Hi Angela, the TLP808 has combination AC circuit breaker and 2 position red illuminated on/off power switch. I hope this helps!
power cord come straight direction ground prong go side	The plug itself where it meets the wall socket has a lean to the right, the power cord basically comes straight down from there..
plug goes wall outlet sit flat wall stick straight	its a flat type
protector sound suppression	No, none at all.
flat plug	Yes
made china	Mine has a "Made in China" sticker. I've had it since Christmas 2012 and am still using it. I like that it accommodate the wide plugs.
plug stick straight wall right angle plug thanks	It plugs straight to the wall. not a right angle plug!
surge protector still work need use 2 prong adaptor plug protector	Yes, generally it will. Although the system is designed for a grounded plug, it will work with a dual plug.
clamping voltage rating surge protector	120V CA
long cord	The cord is 24 inches long. This is measured from the back of the plug to the body of the surge protector.
right angle plug making easier use confined space	No.... Its just your standard multi outlet strip.... No bells or whistles
3 prong surge protector	Yes. 3 prong.
go onto computer use display options extend monitor usage four different monitors aka add monitor display extensions	Nic, I bought this unit for use in my church. I currently have it attached to my iMac, and displaying on a secondary monitor, a projector, and a tv in the lobby.
allow plain multimonitor display ie spanmonitors windowsetc want picture monitors	The StarTech unit is a simple 1:4 video distribution amplifier. It is made expressly to allow the same image to be sent to multiple displays (or, in our case, projectors).
work mac long vga mini display adapter run machine	Yes. It will work with not problems. I have had mine in a church application for nearly a year and have had no problems.
I wanting power strip onoff switch conserve elec onoff switch surge protection onoff power	on/off power
rpm sound level fan	1800 RPM.
splitter support wxga resolution get work projectors	I believe that it does, although I am not actually using it past 1024 x 768. It is simply a passive analog amplifier that is rated at resolutions up to 2048 x 1536 @ 80Hz, so it should have adequate bandwidth for your WXGA signal. 
long wire	Mine was 16" to the end of the plug. I bought it on May 5, 2009. Lucky you, I just happened to be installing a new hard drive yesterday so while the machine was powered off and case opened, I measured for you. Unlucky for you, either folks are "misremebering" or the length varies.
power draw cfm	31.84 CFM input current 90mA consumption 1.08W Specs posted on StarTec website
quiet fan	almost undetectable. I purchased one of these to replace a cooling fan in a bottled water dispensor in my former office space. The unit was right next to my desk and I could not hear it running. It's quiet, it's cheap, and it works.
considered filtered power strip	The description given for this product can be confusing when it refers to "line noise." These inexpensive strips usually use devices called Metal Oxide Varistors to prevent voltage spikes above a predetermined threshold while they last.
fan fit dell dimension 4600	You may have to scab in the connector from the old fan (solder or wire nuts will work)
card work windows 7 64 bit	yes, it worked very well.
would fit asus maximus vi hero ddr3 2800 lga 1150 motherboard	I don't know about the ASUS Maximus but most modern computers have both the full size and mini PCI slots (hopefully empty!)
need ipod didnt get one new dell xps need plug ipod computer	No iPod comes with a USB cable that plugs right into the dell
protools 003 unit firewire outputs use connect dell computer windows 8	I'm pretty sure you can...I'm using this exact same card to connect my PreSonus FireStudio to my desktop and it works flawlessly.
wall mounted	Yes there are holes on the back of it
mounting holes line 90mm fan	They lined up with all the holes in all locations on my computer. I put in 4 of them. It has been long enough now that I don't remember the size of the fans I replaced.
card wan install want edit video personal camcorder sort good cable tv	This is a firewire card and is used to import video from some devices (camcorders and more) that still use firewire. Not for TV.
card work windows 7	Yes, I'm using it with Windows 7.
work windows 81	Yes...I have Windows 8.1 and it's been just fine.
compatible dvi monitor	Yes DVI monitors are supported.
switch computers one using windows xp using windows 7	It should work. The operating system won't matter.
purchased logitech gaming keyboard mouse kvm give full function macrokeys backlighting setup	I have a Microsoft wireless keyboard 6000 v3 and have full function of its macro-keys and am using a Logitech wireless scrolling mouse. I have two cpus and tie to a Vizio 26 inch TV.
two questions 1st need hook usb cable intend use laptops needing strictly share large monitor	It's not WiFi, or am I not understanding you. You have to hook up -- somehow -- both machines to the switch in order to toggle back and forth between them. It's a HARD SWITCH.
kvm works logitech unifying mouse keyboard	I use a Logitech Optical Mouse, a USB connection, and have no complaints. What the difference is with a "unifying" mouse/keyboard is unknown to me.
one computer dualbooting windows 81 opensuse linux 131 I I would like add computer dualbooting windows 7 freebsd experience	This is a very good device, does what it says it does, and it doesn't care what OS you are running. FYI, I've used it with two machines, one with FreeBSD 10 installed and the other with Arch Linux installed.
occasionally need operate kvm one computer attached device allow returned kvm would allow	Yes, I have a laptop and a desktop connected - I have disconnected the Laptop and the switch still works with the Desktop.
unit come audio cables	No it doesn't come with audio cables. If you're interested, I'm selling mine, as I had to move up to a bigger unit for more computers. It's as good as new, just let me know if you're interested.
attach fan come longer screws clips edge	There are clips on the four edges that attach directly to the fan. Seems to hold pretty well, I've had no problems.
2nd question need turn computers connecting hot swap needed	Hot swap
macbook pro win 7 pc use bluetooth mouse magicmouse mac microsoft pc shared logitech wireless kb work	Mine worked great ...for a while then it crashed. I am not going to replace it because I have no confidence in it any longer.
anybody tell center center hole pattern mm hole size m3 m4	Hole pattern and size are the same as 120 mm fan. You can use fan screws to attach it to a 120 mm fan. Distance between holes are 105mm and holes are 5mm.
replace atx30012eb3 rev s2s psu gateway 507gr	Go to the StarTech website. You should be able to find out if it is compatible there.
compatible dell inspiron 546	According to the website accessories.dell.com the unit is compatible. I don't have any personal experience with this product but I would trust the info I found on this website. Nancy
install mine 4 days ago gateway dx4710ub301a 24 pin mb computer keeps crashing unplug day starts back	Don't know. Mine works great. Just send to Starteck for a replacement.
main p1 supply 24 pin 20 pin	From the enclosed installation instructions: Connectors: 6 x 4-pin-LP4-female 2 x small-internal-power 1 x 20-pin-ATX-motherboard-adapter 1 x 4-pin extended ATX power 12V plug and Aux plug for Pentium 4
compatible hp pavilion p6127c pc	the manufacturer list what it should fit....my was an Emachines ET1810-03...I took my old one out...measured it and compared to the dimensions of the new one.....im happy with it
replace power supply gateway dx4831	Compre the dimensions B 4 U make the purchase
dimensions	5.9 x 3.35 x 5.87 in. (150 x 85 x 149mm) Quoted directly from the Instruction Manual.
compatible gateway dx483101e	Sorry, I just buy the items and I have no clue.
filter bracket plastic metal	Plastic
better silverstone tek ff122 filterhttpwwwamazoncomsilvers	Difficult to say as I have only the Star Tech filter. I have been satisfied with its performance. Easy to clean.
compatible gateway nx284001	Not sure,but if it will fit into the slot it should not be a problem.This power supply is the standard size
compatible dx472003 gateway	It wasn't compatible with my Gateway that is now dead. The number of prongs was different. I think I needed a 16-prong and this one was 8. Hope this helps!
safe connect tv	Safer than having your tv plugged directlly into a wall outlet.
offon button illuminated	Yes, it is a bright red color.
ul 1363 physically printed actual unit odd know college dorm	there is a UL sticker. Near the sticker is a little tag with 1301 on it. It's in a place I can't easily access so I can't get a light on it and read what is molded into the plastic. It's too small to read too.
mount wall	nope. plus mine died after six months. only ever had three things plugged into it.
tell min max input voltage	I believe the ratings are for 110-120 vac, standard U.S.A. household voltage.
way wall mount unit	It doesn't have any sort of mounting bracket.
mean small red rectangular shaped light next word surge illuminated protected compromised	It means the surge is working. There is a non-replaceable internal fuse that will blow if it gets hit with too big of a surge.
dimensions	I absolutely love this, sorry, I still can't measure it, it is in an inconvient place to get to but it will go in small spaces but it is GREAT. I wish I had another one. I used it in my other apartment before I moved in a place that I didn't want it to protrude too much, it didn't (slanted it up). 
details warranty protection actually cover damage expire	I'm sorry I'm not sure. I know Fellows makes good products. I have never known anyone to get money from these companies should a surge break their computer so I don't worry about it. I really love this unit. I can actually use all the plugs. It's great.
dell xp computer need open floppy disc amiga dos lacie 8u10 r28723060 03 bhl open amiga floppy using dell	I am certainly no IT expert, but I think this unit will read any floppy and your computer software does the processing. It is just a floppy drive to be attached to a computer.
upgraded macbook maverick old 314 floppies millennium windows 98xp work macbook	I am not sure of the correct answer. I moved Word documents written on a Windows ME old computer to an old floppy disk. 
lacie r2872060 0326bhl open floppy disc amiga dos	I don't know the answer to your question. I used the Lacie external floppy drive to download data from my old (no name) Windows computer and transfer these files to my Apple iMac computer. 
version fvs318 version 1 2 3 fvs318200 confused	We purchased this router because of its built in VPN capability and the add-on VPN client module.
need subscribe vpn service router already come vpn	It's built in. You don't have to subscribe to any service
support wireless services	Unfortunately not this is for wired connections only
firmware updated auto something	You have to go in and manually start the update.
support site site vpn	Yes. I have set up a few small business LAN-to-LAN connections with these and they work very well. I can not speak to compatibility with other manufactures.
cabledsl	I no longer use but I believe it is cable
let connect pc vpn connection remote locations	Yes. The VPN setup is pretty straight forward on a Windows PC
device expensive compared others job one reviewer said paid around $25 device	Good quality I would guess...
sound vocal &amp bass responses	At this price point, I think that they sound great. Bass is pretty good considering the size, for example I use mine in my home office, and they provide good even sound throughout the small space.
need plugged power outlet	Yes, they do. AC adapter is included.
dell computer work computer	they plug into any normal 3mm jack like whats on your phone for head phones. i dont know what your dell has but i dont think it would be any different. 
aux input	Yes
include power adapter cable	Yes it does. Nice unit for the price. Has served me well.
speakers compared logitech z130	OK, they are not the greatest, but it serves its purpose.
handle 525 inch floppy disks	no
incorrect price yes	I will sell you mine for $250. Slightly burned in, er use. (I'm kidding, naturally. Unless you *really* want it, then it's $275)
speakers hook thru aux jack cyber acoustics 3 piece speakers hook sub thru aux 35 mm like headphones	I connected the speakers to my computer at the audio in , 3.5 connection
$48999 price incorrect correct good luck hope long term storage	Somebody has to be kidding. Discontinued or not! The replacement is the M570 (I think it is still available) for about a 10% of that price. I have both and they both work very, very well.
tested within past months mac os 1085 mac os exactly logitech software use program	I have never used it with any Apple products. Sorry.
trackball laptop	I won't recommend this one, only because it has that stupid tethered transmitter. The Kensington one looks like it would be much more portable and uses a small USB transmitter, so there are no wires whatsoever.
logictech longer makes trackball willing pay 10x orginal price one	NO!!!
scroll wheel stop working	It is working
bought last year $80 know cannot correct price kind price gouging common	399 is absolutely not correct. It's either a scam for unknowing people, or a mistake. You can buy this mouse for 40-79 dollars anywhere it's currently sold. It is discontinued from Logitech, but it still shows in various online stores. 
paid $30 thing 2009 $439	Supply and demand i guess. Im not selling the mouse for $439, so i cannot answer for that particular seller. Once an item is "out of production" it changes the supply drastically.
turn thing ideas	No on and off switch, but battery life is great in daily use. About 6 months or more.
received far uncomfortable get comfortable usage	I never had a problem with mine, I liked it from Day 1. If you don't like it now, I'm assuming you won't like it any better next week unless you just get used to whatever feels uncomfortable to you.
headset require amplifier	It doesn't with our Cisco desk phone sets.
compatible panasonic kxtg7431 series	Sorry, i have no idea
compatible lucentavaya partner18 multi line phone	Hello Helen...good question! This is a headset only. You would need to have the bottom cord and a base for it to work. The partner 18 phones have a special "AUX" jack on the bottom (you may have to remove the stand to see it) where you can plug in a special base and you wouldn't have to lift the receiver off the hook to use the headset.
headset used iphone 5	definitely not
base would buy headset would plantronics t10 base work connection end headset	I use a Netcom GN8000. I don't know about Plantronics. The jack is modular like a phone jack.
compatible cisco ip phone 7962	Not familiar with that system. Sorry!
polycom 300 compatible need purchase anything besides headset make work	You will need a bottom quick disconnect cord. We have cords for $9.95.
cannot simply buy 25 mm adapter amplifier would purchased well	I just purchased the adapter. It plugs right into the phone. only issue is the preset on volume (assume that is the headset) is quite high.
headset work uniden dec 60 phone	This headset should work well with any corded phone with the headset compatible with a 2.5mm jack. In addition, you need to purchase an adapter, model: Jabra 1005143 Netcom Qd to 2.5mm stereo plug. I hope this will help you.
toshiba office phone headphone jack come cord plugs phone jack office phone	Hi Debbi no it does NOT come with the bottom disconnect cord however we can supply it for a low cost of 9.95.
regular phone connector 25mm connector usb connector buy separate amplifier anything connect desk	It has a proprietary "quick connect" you need an adapter to connect it to anything that your desk phone actually has.
headset work panasonic cordless phones	yes, I use it with a Panasonic Model KX-TGA106 cordless phone. I ordered Jabra 1005143 Netcom Qd To 2.5MM Stereo Plug Model: 1005143 in order to plug it into my phone.
headset work polycom vvx 310 gigabit ethernet phone	Not sure, we are using Toshiba
adopters allow using headset iphone	No, we're using them with Avaya 4610 VOIP phones.
connector use rj9	You must use a GN1200 in order to plug into your phone. Kind Regards.
buy anything else use radioshack corded telephone wah job	In order to use this headset, you will need an amplifier for use with headsets and corded telephones for WAH jobs. Depending on the company that you work for, they will supply you with this, or require you purchase one of your own. 
thing handle multiple high voltage items plugged time running tv 650w gaming pc printer	I know it can hold multiple plugs. But I do not know the maximum amount of voltage that you consider "high voltage."
longer mounting screw come secure outlet	The Belkin SurgeMaster is wall mount-direct which will let you plug it directly to the wall outlet and no longer uses any screw.
would ideal solution kitchen outlet plan use twoprong outlet work without adapter	You should really replace your kitchen outlets with proper ground fault circuit interrupter units (GFCI).
safe plug power strip	It sure is. That's exactly how I am using mine currently. I have a power strip plugged in for my tv and game consoles.
itembut last night running two things high voltage window ac &amp pannini grill maker stop working overload	Most likely you tripped a breaker or blew a fuse.
n outlet switch top outlet bottom fit work properly	The product dimensions are 9 x 3 x 8 inches and the power prong is in the middle of the unit. You will probably have a challenge using the switch on your wall outlet.
white fixed peg back housing let plug surge protector fully outlet	Hi. That is intended for mounting the Belkin Surgemaster; it stabilizes the unit.
used single outlet cutting white plastic piece back	You could make that modification, but you would not be able to use the center screw to hold it to the wall. i think there would be times it might fall out of the outlet when there are several cords attached.
switched	No, you can just unplug what ever you plug into it.
item use rj11 connection rj45	RJ-45. I was disappointed as I needed RJ-11. I has to put it on the LAN side and use a switch after it to protect my devices. It works, but I've had to have my DSL modem replaced twice because it's not protected.
101001000baset 10100baset 1000baset	This unit is for protection of a fax, modem or DSL lines, not Ethernet connections. If you want 10-100base-T try PNET1 or PNET4 units.
spect surge protector place hade ground	In the picture do you see the green wire? Usually green indicates the wire to ground. if th. Electric plug you connect this to is wired correctly, the center screw that holds the plate onto the plug is also ground. 
meet underwriters laboratories standard 497a	Documentation provided shows it meets UL, CSA and ROHS certification. It does not specify which UL standard. Try calling manufacturer 800-800-4APC.
surge need replacing products tried save computer modem surge blows buy new one	I really Do not know, We use ours for a hard line phone, in our elevator. Perhaps you can contact the manufacture. Good luck.
work vdsl service centurylink	We have Century Link and use it.
many joule product	885
type plug unit plug wall 3prong 2prong house outlets 2pronged cords	it has a 3 prong plug
plug bottom outlet room plug something else top outlet	Yes, depending on the type of plug you are trying to use. I am able to plug in my laptop and other items which don't have a bulky plug.
25mm plug cordless phone directly need buy adapter connect phone thank	You need an adapter...They're only about $10. I bought this one on Amazon: Jabra 1005143 Netcom Qd To 2.5MM Stereo Plug. The headset works well and I have no complaints. Hope this helps. :)
surge protector continue supply power surge occurred desirable want connect freezer	Yes, it will still supply power.
reset button	No
work appliances refrigerators microwaves dryers	I have used it on a new (2013) refrigerator for almost a year now without any problem, and with it experiencing several outages and brown-outs.
well fit side side duplex outlets	NO!
one know grounded light come still protecting appliance cost ship back paid	BOTH lights should be on for it to be properly working.
items 'plugs' close together 'inlets' cannot utilized others also 2prong plug 3 ground thank	This has three pins with ground and a surge suppressor for a telephone line if anyone still has one of those. 
work frigidaire 28 cuft refrigerator 115 volt 60 hertz	Yes, it should.
could usb work casio graph 65	No idea but I honestly doubt it.
item work ios x 1068	Really don't know for sure if it does but it works with 3.10.7(ti-89) that I bought a few months ago. It also worked on an older ti-89 (2.09.3) that I had.
cable store notes computer ti83 plus	Yes
work ti84 silver edition	Yes
download original apps app button ti83 plus	I'm pretty sure u can. I bought this cable to help my students download some math apps to their t83 calcs.
hello include de cd software i' want sure purchase item thank	No, it does not include the CD.
compatible ti82	I don't know. I'm using TI-89 with this cable and working so good over W7 and W8. So, in the TI web site talk about TI-82.
product work windows 7 8 64bit chipset manufacturer used usb adapter prolific silicon labs fdti&gt	it depends on which calculator you are trying to connect. from comments, the common TI calculators seem to work just fine. 
work windows 7	Yes I have windows 7 on my laptop. No issues
camera low light soccer game	I shoot live theater which can be very dark and have never had a problem.
camera interface mac	Yes. It has a FireWire port which can work in iMovie automatically once the camera is detected.
camera work memory cards	No. Mini DV tape only
come everything kinda shape wondering price low thanks	Well it comes as fully function camera with battery thats it the shape is rectangle, i guess its low bcoz it have been used, also a little scratched and fade color steel.
camera work playing back minihd tapes currently sony handy cam accepts standard mini dv tapes hd variety	The camera does not record or play in HD mode
adaptable computers	Yes, you will need firewire though. Also to upload footage, you will need something like Sony Vegas Pro or Movie Studio, Adobe Premier, Adobe After Affects, Or Final Cut Pro. On the menue on vegas where it says file, click on that, then click on capture video.
camera work sd cards	Not for video, only to take stills when put on photo mode.
remotely control zoom focus married tilt pan remote plate	I believe so, it comes with a controller.
get footage mini dv macbook pro kind cord would need	The GL2 has a firewire out. If you don't have a dv vcr you can use the camera through the firewire port to import the video. 
fit clock style recessed outlet	Hi, Jakob. It is best to measure your clock style recessed outlet. The product's dimensions are 2.1 x 0.9 x 2.9 inches.
minimum viewing distance	Well, while I really can't give a technical comment on the viewing distance, I can say that my wife recently used them at a concert at Gillette Stadium and was delighted with the performance. 
best binoculars nine year old	they bring the image up very close and clear. You might have to help him with learning to how adjust each eye piece but he will probably learn it quickly; good directions are enclosed. Unfortunately, each user has to adjust for their own vision. I like my pair a lot and would recommend them. they are compact and come with a case and strap so they will be hard to lose.
come carry case	Yes, a small pouch that attaches to a belt or strap.
weigh	They weigh 10 ounces.
binoculars come strap case	Yes mine, which I purchased from Amazon, did. But keep in mind that manufacturers sometimes change specs without notice. Mine are now over a year old are I really like them.
near focus distance	You can be near, I mean near and close with these binocs, and probably only these, with a focus probability.
binocular cases olympus binoculars come cases	I dunno.
binoculars waterproof	Hi, Samantha - I don't think so. The information given about the product didn't mention this, so I assume they are not waterproof.
received I finding difficult useview lenses figured hard use pair binoculars	I found out two things about the binoculars: (1) I can focus better when I leave my eye glasses on and (2) without my eye glasses I can see better if the I keep the binoculars back from my eyes a bit.
ti89 titanium anyone know cable work ti89 titanium	The TI Connectivity USB Graph Link Cable for Windows and TI Connect software are compatible with the TI-73 Explorer, TI-83, TI-83 Plus, TI-83 Plus Silver Edition, TI-84 Plus, TI-84 Plus Silver Edition, TI-86, TI-89, TI-89 Titanium, TI-92, TI-92 Plus, and Voyage 200. 
firewire cable place computer plug large end firewire need connector suggestions	This is a 6 pin to 4 pin cable. You should get a 4pin to 4pin firewire cable or your computer needs to add a firewire slot. 
work canon hv40 camcorder	It didn't work on my camera connection, not sure if because of the cable or the camera itself
canon zr85 macbook pro cable connect two thanks	It depends if you have a firewire on your macbook pro, so it depends the laptop
dimensions	It is L 4 x W 2 1/2 by 1".
4 pin female 6 pin female firewire connector thanks	It is male to male.
long cable	Judging from the photo, I'd guess about 3 feet. (4.5 loops * (7cm diameter * 3.14) = 99 cm)
pure sine wave output would nice highlight yes	It is not a pure sine wave inverter. That being said, it will operate 90% of anything you would want to run with no problems.
two new 8 agm batteries go parrelel producing twelve volt add solar controller panels later	Yes, the solar panel controller & 12v supply of the solar system may need to be isolated from the inverter-charger when connected in parrelel. Check with the mfg of the solar panel system.
2 batteries hook inverter series w 1 controller powered solar panel batts still charge	Assuming both batteries you're hooking up in series are 6 volt and of equal capacity and condition then yes, they should charge just fine with a single 12V controller. 
get needles	Try NEWEGG http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16882999163
audiotechnia mod atpl 50 I years need hook computer	The record player comes with an adapter to a headphone/aux output with is compatible with any computer's mic input Edit: any adapter from audio RCA L/R (female) to 3.5mm headphone jack (male) will work.
belt specs previous belt wrecked measurement worthless	You can google "audio technica at-pl50 belt replacement" http://www.lpgear.com/product/ATPL50BLT.html has them for $18.90 you can probably shop around and get a better deal. Hope this helps. Peace.
belt go ip50	I don't know about this particular model, but on every belt-driven turntable I've owned in the past, the platter simply lifts straight up off the spindle and the new belt is installed around first the platter's cam/pulley, or whatever you call it, then the platter is replaced back on the unit, and the belt is carefully pulled away from the platter's cam/pulley/whatever over the motor's pulley. 
ul listed utility requires ul listing grid tie	Hello, No the UL is not listed. This model doesn't have it. Model# MRV2012UL is one that you would need. It is a UL 458. Thanks
center post playing multiple records	It has a short post only capable of playing one disc at a time, but it does automatically return the tone arm to the base after the record is done and starts a record at the beginning pretty well with one button push so you don't have to handle the tone arm in case of arthritic fingers, etc.
turntables speed accurate turntable buy accurate speedcalibration	my AT PL-50 is in perfect condition after playing it all day for 4 days. No problems whatsoever.
difference hoya 58cir hoya hmc expensive hmc give much better results justify price	Yes it does. I would never consider using a non-multi-coated filter on a digital camera. The reason is simple. 
come carry case filter	It comes with a huge plastic case, not able to fit easily in a pocket or anything. Good for storage at home only.
hi filter fit canon xf100	I do not have a Canon XF100 Video Camcorder. If it has a 58mm lens with threads on lens so you can screw on a filter than yes this would work. I did a Google search for filters for the XF100 Camcorder and it looks like it should work.
two new 8 agm batteries go parrelel producing twelve volt add solar controller panels later	Karin, to accurately answer your question about the APS2012, we would need to know a little more about your application. Please reach out to Tripp Lite's Chicago-based Pre-Sales applications team at 773-869-1773 to review.
fit carl zeiss 50mm 14 planar good	Filter diameters specified for filters/lenses should be universal. So, yes, it should work if it accepts 58 mm filters.
going fit lee cokin z pro system	I cannot answer this question. The filter fits SONY lenses and these are the only lenses I have. I would hope that all lenses have the same screw threads, but have no information on this.
hi filter fit canon xf100	I do not have a Canon XF100 Video Camcorder. If it has a 58mm lens with threads on lens so you can screw on a filter than yes this would work. I did a Google search for filters for the XF100 Camcorder and it looks like it should work.
difference hoya 58cir hoya hmc expensive hmc give much better results justify price	Yes it does. I would never consider using a non-multi-coated filter on a digital camera. The reason is simple.
come carry case filter	It comes with a huge plastic case, not able to fit easily in a pocket or anything. Good for storage at home only.
hoya 86mm 86c thread pitch fit sigma 150500mm f563 af apo dg os hsm telephoto zoom lens	Not having this zoom lens, I cannot answer. If Sigma claims it needs an 85mm thread, it ought to work.
going fit lee cokin z pro system	I cannot answer this question. The filter fits SONY lenses and these are the only lenses I have. I would hope that all lenses have the same screw threads, but have no information on this.
hoya 86mm 86c thread pitch fit sigma 150500mm f563 af apo dg os hsm telephoto zoom lens	Not having this zoom lens, I cannot answer. If Sigma claims it needs an 85mm thread, it ought to work.
inverter used solar power set	I purchased it and it was the worst investment I have ever made, 1st one I received was DOA, 2nd one would not invert, 3rd one would not charge, 4th one lasted about a month, 5th one the last one lasted almost a year and then it was out warranty it start tripping the breaker on the primary side.Don't waste you money.
fit carl zeiss 50mm 14 planar good	Filter diameters specified for filters/lenses should be universal. So, yes, it should work if it accepts 58 mm filters.
maximum weight scope hold	Not sure. But it holds my canon t4i and all the lenses I got...300mm being the biggest one.
hawk ht3694 483 mm long weighing 5 lbs tripod bee sturdy enough unit stable used	No
fluid effect head fluid	Not good enough for shooting video and wanting it to be perfect...it is a cheap tripod...good for the price but do not try to get the performance of a pro-quality tripod out of this one. 
one come storage carrying bag last slik didthanks	Yes
tripod work simmons 202060mm blazer spotter scope sold walmart	Yes
buy one	ebay has some at reasonable prices.
model number	u9000 is on the box. on the label it also says sl-52u. hope that helps
easy attach quick release plate mean buy quick release plate attach come quick release plate	It comes with one, but you can order more to attach to more toys if you want to switch between them quickly. I.E. quickly switch between a high powered zoom with tripod mount, a camera and then to a spotter scope...
maximum height	maximum about 5 1/2 feet
minimum height tripod	I would estimate about 2 to 2.5 feet. I would give an exact measurement, but mine is in storage.
new radio liv top left corner old one mean	Mine is a much older version and I do not have that on mine , sorry. Good radio enjoy it.
braket mounts wall swivel well	YES
shortest distance extends wall lip tray	From the wall...6in to the back of the trail and 17 1/2 in the front of the tray
tripod work new celestron utima 80 spotting scope bought ordered tripod recommendations amazon	Yes, I have both, and they work together well
maximum length extends wall	I don't understand your question. But, I will try and respond anyway. I installed my mount like this.
remove	im not sure was is meant by this. Screws mount this to the wall. So to remove is to Unscrew.
far adjustable arm travel	When mounted on a wall it travels 180 degrees or as far as you need it to go depending on the size of your tv
mount work 20 tv built vcr	as long as its under the maximum weight, it shouldn't be a problem.
weight limit tv	Bella, The answer to that question is based on the size of the tv.
auto shutoff feature turned thus allowing listen radio long wish	Yes. When you turn it ON you hold the POWER button in UNTIL the 90 minutes shuts off. Now the Radio will stay on until the batteries die.
much weight hold	Maximum Load Capacity:100lb. Maximum27" tv
band car radio longer works plug auxiliary jack listen radio car	Hi Miggy, Although I don't have a jack in my car radio to try what you asked about, I see absolutely no reason why it wouldn't work. 
permanent rod antenna wire antenna hangs listening fm band thanks	It has a wire antenna, which is very helpful when the signal strength is low.
radio external speaker well listen without earplugs	Yes, there is a switch on the left side of the radio that you can select to use the built-in speaker. If you don't have earphones connected to the radio, an antenna is provided with the radio that you plug into the earphone jack.
difference dt210	THE DT-210 seems to have most of the same features as the dt- 200x but it does have more preset station capability. I am very happy with the one I have but have never tried this model.
reception like inside office building fluorescent lights	It really depends on how much metal the building has. Metal may ask like an antenna and grab the signal before it gets inside the building and take it to ground. If the inside walls have metal 4x2's that is also metal the knocks down the signal.
tuner advance 10 khz steps	Yes, standard US frequency tuning. 10 KHz on AM .1 MHz on FM starting at 87.5
built speakers use ear buds head phones still hear radio	Yes, it does. The sound is pretty good too. One of the best features is that it shuts off automatically after 90 minutes, saving battery life.
belt clip user friendly	It has a belt clip. It is pretty user friendly but, I found the "Favorites" tuning and saving function a bit tricky
dt400w vs dt200xthey seem except noaa 400 consider 200 400 thanks george	Did
ps3	This hard drive doesn't work with the PS3 because it uses a PATA/IDE connector. You need to get one with an SATA connector to install a hard drive into a PS3
drive work mac processor 350 mhz power pc g4 m7827lla running 10411 classic	Will work in any desktop computer with IDE ribbon cable or PATA.
drive fit dell d410 laptop	NO!!! What they fail to tell you is that it's for a desktop not laptop. Don't make the same mistake I did...
work compac presario m2405la hp pavilion dv5135nr	No. This is a standard HDD, designed to be used by a desktop PC or in an external casing as an auxiliary drive. 
pata sata hdd	this would be a PATA drive to my knowledge. SATA has a small slot style connector instead of all the pins
understand unit designed question offer significant protection lightning strikes	Not really!! Lightning is a beast and wreaks all kinds of havoch on circuits.
tell thisisolation transformer protect curreentvoltage shock	No, you still will get shocked if you touch the cables carrying 110 V. It only isolates one circuit of 110V from the other, preventing ground loops and HF interferences
anyone know transformer inside isolator toroidial transformer know toroids supposed better	it is not
unit stop ground loop hum getting connect two seperate headphone amps dac	It's possible that it will. You may have to move it to different devices to get the best results. First try lifting the ground of one of the amps with a "three prong" adapter. Maintain the AC ground on the DAC. Identical interconnect cables may help as well.
cables need power unit attach power unit connect motherboard via sata	It has a standard IDE & Molex connector...if your power supply only has SATA you can buy the converters for about $5...I found them on newegg.com - if your motherboard doesn't have an IDE port, I'm sure you could find an IDE to SATA converter too.
transformer one electronic technician use protection bein shock	Great for electronics work, when you need to isolate the source, when you connect other testing equipment like an oscilloscope, and not accidentally create a ground path. Work well.
mic work pc	Yes, but I don't recommend it for desktop use because you'll need to be in a great soundproof area and your desktop will have to be positioned close to you for it to pick up your voice. Tested it with an Apple iPhone and Apple iPad and you have to speak closely into the microphone for it to pickup your voice.
anyone know shall work 1st generaton 1g ipod dont know shall make difference 16gb	This has a regular sized plug. 3.5mm It's just a simple mic, so it should work on anything that uses a standard sized mic jack.
suitable new olympus vn731pc dragon software writing book include interviews public places thanks	No
work pocket talker pro hearing device	I don't know. When I bought it I thought it was stereo but it's only mono, so the plug only has two conductors, one for ONE audio track and the other for ground. 
difference me12 me52w mics worh 722 vn pv	To be honest I've found the best use for each is as follows: the ME-12 doesn't pick up noise as much so I use it when I am recording notes and personal items as a reminder of things I'm doing etc. 
shut speakers cellphone plugged	Sorry I don't have the answer. I use my on an Olympus voice recorder, works excellent!
ground lift adapter reduce noise neither would case device correct	It depends on where the noise is coming from. The IS250 will isolate not only the ground line, but also hot and neutral.
bought headset along expecting mic come clip feature picture changed something	No clip-on. It's meant to go in the mic/hdphn port of some device, say iphone.
mic work taking video apple iphone5	I used this on a personal digital audio recorder, that had a dedicated MONO 1/8" jack to accept the mike. And it worked great.
dnc work device example sony xperia z2 phone	It should work fine...any device that has the standard 3.5mm jack. That includes my digital recorder, video camera and digital still/video camera. All are from different makers and it does an excellent job.
back mounting pattern look like two mounting holes centered line offset	There are 2 offset holes. Top hole near cord and switch (facing you) is on right and bottom last outlet is on left side. 
surge protection use countries 240 volt ac	This is a 110 volt power strip. It's for use in the US and cannot be used for 220/240 volt applications. This is a power strip, not a surge protector.
color power strip	light gray
safe plugging electric heater	I no longer have the packing box, but the tag says UL rated. It looks like a high quality cord and box. I have used it for hot plates, but not an electric heater. 
use microwave	I do not see why you couldn't use it with a microwave.
mounted wall	Actually, there's are 2 little holes on the back that looks like they would slide over a screw that was screwed into a wall. I don't know if screws were included in the box, because I threw that out months ago.
143 wire 15 amps	It is 15 amps. I do not know about the 14/3 portion of your question.
power rating	115v 15amp IxE=P
adapter work httpwwwamazoncomamazonbasicshd	I believe it will work to make the connection yes, but please be advised that you will end up with a hdmi to vga connection, and whetever devices you are connecting may not be able to communicate that way. Some devices that pass info over hdmi are not putting out the kind of info that can be understood by a vga port...
laptop vga larger monitor going use dvi work get another pc	Probably not. Couldn't get these to work regardless of configuration. See my review for details.
going old er computer avga output apple display	It's analog, it didn't work for my Dell monitor.
I used similar mikes tend reduce ambience muffling sound could someone comment overall quality soundasreality thanks	I've used it at board meeting at times but the mike I've used and is incredibly good is the Olympus ME-51S Stereo Microphone.
outdoor	i wouldn't use it unprotected outside. Has no GFCI or covers for the outlets not in use.
work apple cinema display looks like dvid connection	If you are going from DVI output to HD 15 input (Monitor) it should work. If you are going from a HD15 output to a DVI input it will not.
monitor vga plug want connect back hp computer dvi plug back work	No, you would need a VGA to DVI when I bought this it was for a DVI to VGA just get the connection the other way around
dvi port compatible dvi formats	apparently not, it's in my 'maybe use this some day' drawer cuz it did not work for me.
get software	it comes with the labels
vga hdmi	DVI to VGA
full face two labels together one covers completely	It's two labels together, so you could peel out the inner part if you wish, or use the whole thing. Up to you.
easy get software free	Hi Brand! Thank you for your inquiry! The software is pretty easy to order. You would need to call Memorex at 1-800-379-8439 to purchase the software. Aiste BisonOffice
monitor vga port laptop hdmi port use amazonbasics dvi hdmi cable monitor work	No you need a VGA to HDMI converter http://www.amazon.com/SANOXY%C2%AE-Black-Adapter-Converter-Laptop/dp/B007KFVQXI
mac compatible	no! wish they'd put that on the info.
switch used dhcp server sorry wireless ptp engineer need something use basic routing workshop	Yes it can.
layer 3 switch	Yes, can do anything on Ccnp switch minus private vlans, ipv6, and I believe qos. If your using this for a Ccnp lab you'll be fine.
cisco 3550 layer 3 switch	Yes it is, and I know an isp that still has them in production.
switch include rack mount kit	The one I purchased came with brackets.
big enough hold power strip cord	The center slip is big enough to hold a power strip cord. The 2 outter slips however are not.
work carpet	Yes, I currently have two sections of this on my carpet. Not sticky taped though, just covering the cord and stretched out. But it under a bed mattress for a day or two to almost completely eliminate the coiling.
hi photo written 3500 xl series xl standard c3550 smi ios	I received Model number: WS-C3550-24-SMI. EMI is really nothing more than a software upgrade, so, just find the software you need and install it. 
cover 12 cord	Buy another brand, I exchanged this because it was defective and when they sent me the new one, it had the same problem with it.
doublesided tape peel hardwood floors okay removal	It did peel off concrete and floor tile fairly easy. I would recommend cleaning floor very well let dry and then apply came up with little to know residue.
work prevent catsdogs chewing cords	I don't think it would. You'd want some sort of split tubing to cover more of the cord, this is mostly for when the cord has to cross a walkway, and it doesn't do a great job of that because of how they ship it.
cut shorter length	Yes, you can cut it to any desired length.
high product center	It lays really flat if you put it very hot water and then lay it on a flat surface. The product is less then 3/8 inch
wide section hides cords like many cords could fit	It's just over 2 inches in width and just over 6 feet in length. So you can cut it in half for most doorways that average 3 feet in width. It can hide 4 different wires.
paint	Its rubber I doubt it. But you could get the colored duck tape it would stick to it.
trouble nettalk duo choppynettalk said linkys router may issue like run modem directly duo router yes	Yes , you need to run the cord from the modem to your duo then to router .
doublesided tape strong enough stick stucco	I really can't say if it will. If the adhesive on the tape is to strong it may pull the stucco odd the surface. I have a problem with this product.
use connect internet ipod touch ipod touch built wifi live theres wifi hotspots connect wondering use connect internet ipod touch	Could you please explain in more detail. Are you trying to say you would like to use this item to connect via Wi-Fi? If so, then no, you cannot do that with this item, this item is just a switch. What you need is a Wireless Router.
hook directly router connect directly router instead	Yes you can hook this directly up to a router.
one cable running router tv connect blue ray dvd player using switch	Yes, using this switch will allow you to use another ethernet cable from the switch to the blu-ray player. You will need another cable though to run from your router to the switch, with the other two cables running from the switch to the desired devices. 
work cable modem switch ethernet cable wireless router switch wireless still work	It's always best to limit the number of "connections" to get the highest speeds in your network. The better arrangement is Cable modem to wireless router and then to switch (3 deep).
big	the msg from amazon says you are asking about the 24 port ethernet switch, which is 22 x 9 x 4 inches and 4.1 pounds by the product description...i own the 5 port ethernet switch which is 3.9 x 3 x 1.2 inches and 4.5 ounces. hope this helps. A.J.
unplug pc plug switch run cable fromswitch pc thenrun another cable switch nettalk duo	Yes. Just make sure tge first cable you unplug is on the PC end and not your modem side to ensure you are getting the correct network settings
cannot get wireless signal computer bedroom tv bluray player &amp dvr patch cable answer	You have 2 options as this device is just a switch not a wireless router.
use cat6 ethernet cord notice everyone keeps saying used cat5 cord	Yes. 100Mb requires at least cat 5. Cat 6 is just better cable - capable of 1000Mb.
could used create local network among 3 pcs bd player one pc outdoor wifi antenna connected via usb port	How well this works at creating a local network depends on the kind of connectivity you want between the devices (peer-to-peer should work, but if you're trying to "feed" the BD player to all 3 at the same time or some other configuration, I think a router is preferred) and what kind of connection you want to the outside world (to share an internet connection you'll need a router, not just this switch).
ac adapter works sony liv clutch radio please differences adapters thank	To start, big difference between adapters, voltage & pin size/polarity for starters. I've done a fairly exhaustive search on-line over the years and Sony never actually provided an adapter for this radio.
know matter	A friend of mine pointed me to http://www.crucial.com. At the first glance, it looks like a very useful site
buy 1 unit one container units mean 1 package	Yes it will be one!
compatible compaq d510 cmt compaq 07e8h circuit board	yes, Both KVR333 2700 are compatible. I have some of them that working fine.
work lenova desktop	Yes depending on your model/motherboard
work dell dimensions 2400	Yes it will. It is the PC2700 type of 333Mhx memory stick.
one 512mb module two 256mb totaling 512	1 stick
compatible hp pavillion a230n $ 2 gb would worktrying replace two 512 gb prefer get 4 gb total	In no way do I claim to know Pavilion models inside out, but mine has a chip set that max's out at 1gb. 
compatible wapple powermac g5 16ghz 800 mhz bus speed single processor g5 daughter card	Take a look here: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT2248 It certainly fits the specs, and note you have to use 2 modules of RAM; however, there are some cautions about using RAM that is not specifically stated for Macs, and the RAM that Kingston's memory selector suggests is discontinued and was not this RAM.
module works board p4vm800	Oh, boy, you're way beyond me. I had a Dell and I looked up the specs online. I paid more attention to the PC2700 DDR DIMM than anything else, and it worked perfectly.
picture confusing one module 512 right must work already existing 512 module	It's been a while, but no, I remember getting 2.
fits pci express x1	No. Regular PCI or PCI-X(mainly server mainboards have this) only. PCI-X and PCI Express are different. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/PCI-X
half height bracket included shown picture	Yes we will include half height bracket
looking use intel core i53450s win7 pc get 2gb speeds work	No
intel pwla8492mt pro1000 mt pcipcix dual port server adapter support 20pcs manufacturer original new products	Hi Jenny, If what you are asking ... could this card support 20 simultaneous connections from workstations, it would depend upon the operating system. 
work standard desktop convert home server also exact slot sise	This card uses a standard PCI slot and will assist in helping you build a server. I don't know what Operating System you are planning on using but don't use Windows 2003 server. It dies a good death next summer. I hope this helps.
dimensions card	Dimensions (WxL): 2.5 x 6.6 inch / 6.4 x 16.5 cm
want shipped india delhi kolkata possible	Sorry we don't do international shipping
compatible thinkserver 70a4001lux 5u tower server 1 x intel xeon e31225 v3 320 ghz	I have no idea, we don't run any Lenovo products. It is not compatible with some i7 Intel board configurations we tested, as it seems to have driver issues/no driver. 
adapter 20072008 macbook pro much shipping	Yes, I us it to conect Vga monitores to A MacPro and it Works perfectly...so far
work mac mini envision monitor	I dunno, I have a Macbook PRO 15" 2009
anyone ran astaro v8	That was the reason for the purchase and it works without any issues. I installed in in a OptiPlex 380 small form factor.
work older mac g5 tower see connection appears square connection need rounded dvi	Sorry, I don't know about older Mac G5 towers. This was exactly what I needed to connect my older MacBook Pro 4.1 to projectors for PowerPoint presentations.
sync ipad	sync with an iPad? If you mean play via AirPlay, you'll need a receiver that's capable. but yes, that's what I do.
also sell amp bose speakers	We are powering our 4 Bose 251 speakers with a Sony Home Theatre unit.
connect bose lifestyle 18 black series iii dvd home entertainment system	Yes you can but need another amp SA 3
binding post speakers compatible banana plug stripped wire	Yes, they are compatible with banana plugs. Mine are connected with them.
wirless speakers	No. They are wired. But worth the hassle of running the wire!
bose radio hooked radio happen	These are wired non bluetooth speakers.
connector type	These speakers use the standard speaker wire twist-close connectors.
order include pair speakers	Yes. Two speakers.
work pc	I don't believe so. As far as I know, the DVI side of the cable is proprietary to Apple computers.
amplifier recommend 4 speakers	I am using a Pyle Pro 600watt amp for 4 speakers (two per channel @ 150watt each) and it sounds great outdoors for music and PA system.
seems obvious must ask pair speakers one speaker price quoted	The retail price of the 251 speakers is $398.95. This is for the pair.
use 220v power supply	they are not powered speakers - you jus connect to your hi-Fi
hook sidewards corner walls	Yes you can, and they even come with the mounts to do it.
purchased relatively inexpensive 30 flat screen tv sound best would speakers help	Yes
used rocketfish universal wireless rear speaker kit	To be honest, i'm not positive - but fairly sure you can. The ones i purchased are direct-wired (and are hung from the ceiling); BUT there are two Bose Surround Speakers in the REAR of my living room/theater which ARE connected via Rockfish Wireless Rear speaker kit - and they DO WORK FINE.
wireless	No they require wiring.
connect receiver wires pictured	Yes
bose wave music system 111 would like speakers could put another room would work	Bose 161 speakers are designed for back surround sound for home theater systems or to use them as book shelf speakers.
reciver put 500watt out100 watt per channle would blow speakers	YES IT WOULD.
anyone using subwoofer well I wondering combination would produce full sound spectrum	No, but I think it using a subwoofer alway enhence the sound.. I have the same problem, this speakers are very limited... compared with Jamo.
speakers used older sound system cassette player cd player receiver turntable sound system 30 years old	I have mine connected to my turntable, tape deck, CD player and receiver, all of which are minimum of 20 years old or older and I have no problem. 
rather run wires bose v35 system inside housecan use receiver garage wire thereany recommendations inexp receiver	Ran my wires from the bedroom outside thru the ceiling and down.
could technical details bose 151 speakers	The User's manual is at http://worldwide.bose.com/productsupport/assets/pdf/guides/speakers/151/en/owg_en_151.pdf Copy and paste doesn't work because Bose "secured" their PDF document.
carry warranty	They do, however, I do not have the warranty in close proximity to make a quotation of length. I have my speakers mounted outside at my lake home and they have performed perfectly.
hat size	I estimate 6" by 10".
wireless	No, they are wired
kind receiver using speakers make model number would helpful	Marantz 2240 from 1975. Anything can drive these efficient speakers.
speakers resist walter rain	They resist all kinds of weather, mine have made it though rain, snow and wind and still sound great
included flash	The flash unit (which includes the control unit that gets attached to the camera flash mount, the two flash heads and the ring that attaches to the lens), as well as manuals and a storage pouch that fits the unit (it has internal pockets for the lights and main body).
flash used 100400 l lens tubes step rings crop body 16 factor would better use wide angle lens prime tubes several sets get magnification desired	This flash is intended for macro lenses.
flash units detachable	Yes they are detachable from the ring but still wired to the unit.
come mounting brackets	Yes. Definetly brackets and screws I believe. They sound awesome throughout the back yard.
canon mt24ex macro twin lite flash used 600exrt speedlight flash slave	Yes it can, I have both of them, and sometimes I use the 600ex as slave to light the background.
high sync capability shutter 250 like 8000 meaning strobing make section travel shutter	Nope
need adaptor use canon mpe 65mm f28 15x lens	No. If you have the 100mm macro you will need an adaptor. For the record, I love the 1-5X lens and this Twin Light.
work tamron 90 macro lens	You need a macrolite filter adapter. The Tamron 90 macro has a 55mm filter thread. Canon has macrolite with 58mm, so that a step up ring to turn your filter thread into 58mm would allow it to work.
anyone used ef 180mm l f35 macro usm adapt 180's 72mm mount flash work well focal length	It won't fit on the 72mm without a $25 adapter. With the adapter, it works great.
good outdoor use like bugs	Lila - Yes, this macro lens is great for small objects just realize that you have to be close to get the subject and be very still. 
good photographing jewelry	yes, I've used it to photograph several watches and rings, it does a great job. Jewelry is tricky and the hardest part is to get the lighting just right... bright enough, yet soft enough... a good contrasting background helps tremendously as well
good videos like shooting music video	I only use it for still photography, but I would not think it would work well for video. It has an extremely small focal area. You want a much wider ranger than this would give you. This lens is for up close photography.
weight listed 2 pounds accurate	The unit plus batteries plus carry case weighs 1.8lbs. To be exact, 817 grams.
come lens caps front back	Yes
would prefer lens macro could use portraits I kind stuck getting lens 50mm 14	I've owned both lenses and the 50 1.4 has a better build quality, the larger aperture will also give you shallower DOF which might help with portraits, and it should focus faster. Unless you plan on doing a lot of macro photography with your lens I'd go with the 50 1.4.
lens work canon eos 500d	Yes. Given the smaller APS-C sensor the 500D has this lens will be the equivilant of an 80mm lens.
compatible canon 6d	It is. It is an EF mount which will work with crop body and full frame Canon cameras.
im tattoo artist looking good lens finished pieces would recommend line work lighting lowmed	The lenses works well for close up shots. Good detail, etc. I would recommend you get a flash ring to get the proper lighting. Also available on Amazon &#128515;
lens fit work fully rebel t3i	I've had this lens for several years works well on my Rebel XS i think it should work fine on your Rebel T3i. the only issue that i've had with the lens is i got to close to something and ran the lens into something rigid and messed up the autofous . but the manual focus still works fine . and the auto focus was a bit iffy for macro work any way in my opinion.
canon eos rebel t3i need something handy dont change lenses lens compatible canon t3i	I've been using it on my T3 for a few months now. I don't see why it wouldn't work on a T3i.
lens compatible canon eos 350d	Yes, this lens is compatible with the 350D/XT as are all Canon EF and EF-S lenses. It won't have a very wide view at all, though, so it won't make a particularly good general purpose lens unless you don't care about wide-angle.
canon ef 28135 vs canon 50 mm 14 one better portrait shots	Another option is getting the 50mm 1.8 for about a hundred bucks. Takes great shots and you can still buy the 28-135. I bought my 28-135 used and love having both lenses.
canon ef 28135mm f3556 work well canon d50	Wow...nobody ever answered this question? The Canon EF 28-135mm will work on all Canon EOS cameras, including the Canon 50D.
lens compatible canon rebel eos sl1	This lens will work with all Canon DSLR's including the EOS SL1. This lens, all Canon EF (not EF-S) lenses actually, work with either crop-frame sensor bodies (of which the SL1 is an example) or full-frame bodies such as the 6D, 5D series, or 1D series. 
lens work new canon 70d	This lense will work with any camera that has an EF mount
looking lens first wedding shoot suggestions	I'm not sure what your budget is, so I'll do my best. Now that nobody's using film, good image quality really boils down to technique, light, and good-quality glass.
lens work 70	I use one on my 60D It will most certainly work on a 70D.
helpi bit overwhelmed would like recommendations best canoneos 60 lens landscape photography ocean views	The 28-135 may do in "pinch," but it is not a landscape specific lens. 
old fashioned wire system 2 wires work averse blue tooth	Yes
need buy wall mounts go recommend	No you don't need to get wall mounts for these speakers. I placed my speakers on speaker stands on each side of my 60 inch. Plasma TV.
speakers compatible banana plugs	Hello, the back of the speakers have posts and screw nuts to insert any cable you choose. I installed monster cables and my amp and speakers had the same setup. Very pleased with speakers. Ray
saw speakers 2 package price one pair	The price shown (and what I paid through Amazon) was for two speakers.
need sub woffer 5 set bosz sprakers	Why 5 sets? That's 10 speakers! If your doing a whole house,then no! If your doing a Living Room or Theater Room then yes!
bose floor stand used speakers thanks	Not that I know of off the shelf. The Bose universal floor stand definitely is not compatible.
used siderear surround speakers connected panasonic shfx71 wireless system receiving home theater scbtt370	Hi Im not sure, maybe yes. Its necesary to check the watts value, if they are compatible, they work!
connect speakers lg tv	Yes
compare acoustimass 3 speakers subwoofer	I have the Acoustimass 3 speakers as well and in my opinion there is no comparing! The Bose 161 are wired into my shop walls. 
canon ef 18135mm ef ef hello camera rebel xti lens canon 1022 efs know ef efs stand fo someone explain	I also should point out that FF lenses when used on crop-sensor cameras, such as yours, behave as a longer lens.
optics good enough professional work	I shoot weddings and started out with the original 100 macro, I then upgraded to the 100 IS macro (which is amazing) but that lens got dropped and I had to ship it out to have it repaired just before an event so I ordered the 50mm just as a place holder till I got the 100 back.
canon 70200 f28 tripod mounting ring lens amazon include tripod mounting ring	It comes with the tripod ring, the lens hood, and a storage bag.
lens color white gray imported gray market lens	Both my lenses are an off white or grayish and were bought from a reputable seller, B and H Photo. Don't worry about the color and purchase your lens from an honest seller. An honest seller will be upfront about selling grey market lenses.
canon 70200 l series f4 vs f28 help read countless reviews f4 vs f28 regarding strenths weaknesses	I shoot with the Nikon 70-200 2.8 for alot of stuff (I do tons of dance performance photography).
help 16x crop cameras huh someone please please settle 16 crop efs thing	Answer: 1) Yes, you need to multiply the focal length by 1.6 to get the right focal length on a crop. So a 50mm lens would be an 80mm lens on a crop camera and a 50mm on a full frame. 2) The EF-S will work only on crop bodies so if you upgrade to a full frame, you cannot use them.
best 2470l f28 70200l f28 wis weddingportrait advice	What is the size of your image sensor? If it's an APS-C size like EOS 400D, the 70-200 may be a bit long? If it's regular Canon digital like EOS-1D or full frame like the 5D it will be just right. 24-70 is handy if you have two or more or if you shoot your portraits loose. 
canon rebel xs lense works thanks advice	Yes you can fit EF & EF-S Lenses on your camera
lens compatible canon eos 60d camera	Yes, it is! No problem at all using it.
really would like lens cannot afford new warrenty buy used know	1 year warranty even if used, as long as seller provides receipt for warranty purposes
tripod mounting ring included lens box specifically mentioned	Yes it is.
what&acirc&acutes diference lens 70200 wich like $60000 expensive	This is a perfect question for me to respond to. I just sold my 70-200 non IS and purchased the IS II, First no matter what, you will love the Non IS, the glass is incredible and the quality will make you want to use this lens all of the time.
use rebel t1i model	Sure, you can use any EF or EF-S lens with the t1i!
work canon 50d also canon 5d	Yes, i use on 6D & 550D
would time would need portraits else 2x extensions good quantity	I use this lens to shoot sports photography and it's a sharp lens. You should have no issues shooting portraits
version lens zoom pull lens doubling length vs zoom ring	zoom ring...
listed old model title searching see newer nonis version	I think it is to distinguish it from the MK II. You are correct, there is no non IS MKII. I think they are making sure the purchaser is aware that the optical improvements found in the IS MKII will not be found in this lens.
I torn lens version I shall I shooting gymnastics using 'doall' lens without tripod 7d mark ii think blur issue I shall I regret saving version	For me it was price, the IS was a little over my reach. You know you have a great camera you can push that ISO comfortable past 1600 .
connect dvd player	Hi Arindam No you need a receiver
cannot figure get black hood lens feel stupid help	Just rotate the hood counterclockwise
fit full frame	Yes
work 6d	Yes
work canon rebel sl1	yes, If you have the zoom 18-35 lens you can get by without this lens. you get about 4 degrees more with the wide angle lens.
work rebel t2i	It works with my t3i
lens fit canon rebel t3 dslr	Yes, it does. Thanks!
lens fit canon 60d	This lens fits perfect on tne 60d.
lens work rebel t5	Yes
date code lens marks scratches glass	no date that i can see, no scratches or marks on L top quality lens
canon ef 70200mm f28l aviation anyone know lens aviationairshow action without feature	In my experience with airshows IS makes little difference because there is usually enough light for fast shutter speeds (in excess of 1/500) even with the lens stopped down to f4 or f5.6.
lense fit cannon rebel xti digital thanks	Yes
use manual setting digital film camera	Yes you can use all manual or automatic setting. It is not a digital camera, you must use film.
camera manual override hand focus change shutter speeds aperture	Yes it works perfectly but doesn't come with the lenses
lens fit canon t5i	Yes. Uses EF style mount, as does T5i/700D.
camera hooked computer&gt	Nope, sorry it's old fashioned 35 mm
hello would able put camera tripod sit back family picture	yes
camera lens comes	Yes
comes product frontrear lens caps hood storage case lens	It comes with the lens, CL-45 hard case, strap for case, front and rear caps. No hood. Excellent lens.
often restocked amazon said 1 left went bed next morning gone	My guess is this is shipped directly from a warehouse in Japan. Mine arrived four weeks after the order was placed. That one in stock on Amazon could have been a customer return.
lens good landscapes	It's great for landscapes and even close-ups of flowers.
lens good d7100	This lens works equally well on DX and FX Nikon cameras, but on the D7100 it will have a more telescopic affect than on an FX camera with its larger sensor. 
purchased nikkor 200mm lens placed d700 turn camera aperture reads fee help	Make sure the fstop ring on the lense is set to min aperture f22
lens include nikon us free 4 yr warranty	Yes, of course. Since this is a very high quality lens, it would be very unlikely that you will have to use the warranty. As a matter of fact, I bought and used many of the expensive Nikon lens during the last ten years, I have not yet sent any of them for repair.
recently purchased book insects said bugs taken macro lens flash flash unit recommend	I use the R1 wireless system from Nikon on my 200mm Micro-Nikkor. The pop up flash on the camera functions as the commander to trigger 4 SB-R200 (NIkon) flash units attached to the adaptor ring at the end of the lens. 
imported grey market lens	Imported does not equal grey market. Yes, it's imported, as are all cameras & lenses. But it's imported through Nikon so it's an official import, which means it comes with a US warranty and can be repaired in this country by any Nikon dealer. It's a great lens.
lens made japan	Yes.
fit nikod7100 camera best compatible	Works fine on my D7100.
recommend buy addition lens order obtain great magnification &gt5x insect&acutes eyes example	A steady tripod and remote means of positioning/triggering. I use CamRanger and CamRanger PT Hub.
compatable d2h firmware 21	Yes
d5100am limited f32	I have mine on a 7100 but the answer is in the lens not the camera. First, if you are using an automated shooting mode the F stop adjusts automatically as the shoot. 
work d3200	SB400/700/and 910 from the chart on Nikons site.
work automatic d3100	It should work if you use it off camera in manual mode and triggered by either another on camera flash or other off camera flash which is how I use it with all 4 Nikon cameras I have.
I looking nikon sb80dx flash noticed two listed amazon good condition different prices reason	I do not have any listed for sale. I own 4 of them and some were purchased on Amazon but none for sale.
work lens 70300	No.
work d90	Yes but the real question is the Lens . . . There are MANY that is doen't fit on physically!
work nikon d5100 advantage accessory new photography want get basics start	On the D5100 current Nikon flashes (the SB-900, SB-800, SB-700, SB-600 and SB-400) will give you full capability in all exposure modes and let off more light. 
work nikon d80 &amp afs nikkor 55300	I don't know but it did NOT work with any of my 20 lenses. I would not buy it unless you find a manual or review that says it works.
camera d60 lens afs nikkor 55200mm 1456g ed lens work equipment	No
work lenses 18300 mm nikon nikon d7100	Not very likely. The teleconverter was designed for very long lenses and zoom lenses Your 18/3mm me lens' back element must be fairly recessed from the back of your lens for the teleconverter to work, since the teleconverter's front element protrudes into the back assembly of the lens it is tele-converting.
work d80	Yes, it will work with the D80. I have one in like new condition. If you're interested in it, please check
teleconverter work nikon d7000 body afs nikkor 18140 lens	Im sorry I can't help you. I returned the converter because it would not fit my lenses&gt; It was compatible with my DX 3200. It was the lenses that was the problem.
work lens nikon 18105 55300 vr afs dx nikkor zoom lens	Probably not. Works.on the very high end lenses.
work old 75300 nikon zoom lens	If your camera is FX format, yes. If DX, it does not work.
work nikon d70s	Yes, this will work on the Nikon D70. I purchased this product back when I started out with the Nikon D70. One of the great things about Nikon most all of their lenses are compatible across the entire line of cameras.
bought amazon new camera come original case	Yes, the camera that I received had the case that wraps around the camera and is made to leave attached to the camera if you would like it to. It flops around and sometimes I leave it on and then at other times I may remove it depending on the situation.
kit come original leather case	Mine came with a case but I believe it's imitation leather
survive extreme conditions like leica m6	What do you mean "extreme conditions"? It has a plastic body, very well suitable for photography students and fully manual mode lovers. Besides that, I would say it's a simple and affordable camera.
made	My Nikon FM-10 body was made in Japan.
work d750	Yes it will
use nikon fmount lens put manual focus	Yes, but some lenses only allow to change aperture through camera menu. These lenses don't have aperture adjustment ring. If chosen lenses have aperture ring, then you can use their full functionality.
light meter automatic manual manual automatic	This is a completely manual camera. There are no automatic settings on this specific model.
pictures transferred camera digitally use standard memory card	No mega pixels here. This a film camera.
ship internationally	Yes. You can buy from Little River Shop
lens compatible d7100	Yes, it is a D lens and you can get full function. Check www.kenrockwell.com and type in "Nikon lens compatibility." you will confirm its compatibility. The focal length on D7100 will be 200mm. Good luck.
scratches body front back glasses come orignal box	It's packed very carefully in the Nikon box. Mine was perfect as for all the Nikon lenses I have bought on the net so far. The CL case is an option and a good, though expensive, one.
hood fits 3570mm comes camera	When I ordered my SLR, it came with a hood. It is a standard size. You should check with the seller. I think that a used camera shop or Amazon would have them as well.
expect new version	I'm going to suggest a different question. Do you really want a newer version? I recently bought a used 300mm F4 for 950. Its sells new for around 1300. This lens has been due for replacement for quite some time.
would work nikon d5300 would appropriate outdoor family photos	It's perfect for outdoor family photos if you stand back a bit but unfortunately this lens won't autofocus on D5300. You need a body that has a built in moter. For D5300, go buy 85mm 1.8G.
lens accept 7277 mm step ring	It will accept any step up ring with the hood retracted. More than likely there wont be clearance to use the built in hood.
listing shows 135 f2d somewhere mention type mean	"D" type Nikon lenses simply means it supplies distance to subject information.
prints compare get canon ef 135mm f2l usm lens	Sorry but I never tested Canon it as I am Nikon. But in general I love it!
lens work d3100	Yes ... But no auto focus. The d3100 doesn't have the motor built in to do that and relies on the motor in the lens. I have a d3100 by the way. No AF Also have a 7100 and the AF works great
hood fits 3570mm comes camera	I don't know for sure because what I have is the standard 11-55mm. I would ask local camera stores around your location, I would imagine they would have something that would fit your lens.
fit 18125 nikon lens	If you mean the Nikon 18-105, this lens cap will not fit. That lens requires a 67mm cap which should also be available from Amazon.
lens cap fit nikon afs nikor 70300 mm lens thankyou	No you need lc-58
fit nikon afs nikkor 70300m	No, this lens cap will not work with the 70-300mm lens. You will need the LC-67 cap.
fit afs nikkor 1855mm 13556g lens	yes, it fits the 18-55mm kit lens. and any other lens that is 52mm
cap fit nikon d80	The Lens cap is 55 millimeters in diameter. It pushes out on the end flange of the lens. It is designed to fit the Nikon 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6G AF-S DX VR Nikkor Zoom Lens or 18-135mm f/3.5-5.6G ED-IF AF-S DX Zoom-Nikkor
fit nikon coolpix l830 thanks	I purchased this lens cap for a Nikon D5000. I don't think the LC-52 would fit your camera as they are not similar lenses- looks like LC-CP28 is the cap needed for your coolpix camera?
nikon coolpix l820 fit	No, this lens cap is for the DSLR cameras that have removable lenses. What you want is the Nikon LC-CP28. See this link: http://www.amazon.com/Nikon-LC-CP28-COOLPIX-Digital-Camera/dp/B00BAZV85A
cover fit d50 nikkor dx 1870mm lens	To confirm the "fit" of the lens cap to the lens simply look at your filter or thread size for your filter located on the front outer edge of the lens, then simply look at the lens cap number. Such as the LC-52 will fit any lens with a filter or thread size of 52mm. 
nikon5100 fit	It fits my Nikon D5100 perfectly! I received it in 2 or 3 days. So glad I ordered from them, their price was the best and it was a Nikon product. I will order from this supplier again, no problems. I was concerned because I had never used them before but it all worked out fine. lauren
lense work d5200	Kimberly, I believe it would work but would not auto focus, I don't know why you would want to use this lens on your camera the focal length would be close to 200 mm a bit too long for portrait work which is what the lens is intended for. Mark
work d200 nikon camera full function	It should work fine with crop sensor. I have D300 and it's no problem.
size lens cover need d40	It depends on the filter size that is required for the lens you are using with the D40. For example, Nikon's 18-55mm 1:3.5-5.6 lens will accept a 52mm filter so this lens cap will work with that lens. However, their 24-70mm 1:2.8 lens accepts a 77mm filter so this lens cap will not work with that lens.
afs nikkor 2485mm lens fit	According to the Nikon website your lens uses a 72mm filter, which would mean this cap should fit.
fit 18200mm lens lost original	I'm not sure. I bought this to replace the cap for my 24-85 lens. But if you go to Nikon's website, you can look to see what lens cap fits the 18-200 lens. That's what I did to find out the size for my 28-45. Hope this helps.
fit nikon coolpix p520	No, that's 67mm if I am not mistaken.
looking lense cap nikon d200 sunpak 72mm uv filter would cap fit thanks	I would have to say yes. The only issues would be if you tried to use it on a fisheye etc. that needs a special lens cap.
lens cap center pinch remove look like picture posted advertisement	I bought this lens cap a year a go, and was different than the pictures, was exactly like a 52 mm lens cap but bigger, I mean exactly like the traditional Nikon lens caps with the center pinch.
genuine nikon product	I assume it is. It has a very convincing Nikon logo on it and it fits the lens perfectly.
fit nikon afs nikkor 35mm f18g dx lens	No
ship italy	Yes, we do. You can check out at Little River Shop. Thanks
lens work sony a500	Yes, this lens will properly mount and operate on a Sony Alpha DSLRA500
work sony slta58k	By all reports this is an alpha mount and WILL work with the SLT-A58 but that is not the camera that I used it with so I cannot directly confirm by my own experience.
work minolta maxxum 70	I'm not familiar with the Minolta Maxxum 70, but if your Minolta has an A-Mount, it should work with no problem. Bear in mind that this lens is not designed for full-frame sensors.
fit sony a57	yes it does it is an a mount lens
fit sony a77 camera	It fits sony a37. I belive it fits a77 as well.
comes cap	Yes, of course it does.
item work sony nexc3	NO. It needs an adapter to work with Nex cameras.
connect computer usb	Hi, thanks for your interest, only Firewire port (no usb port) or you need to get something like elgato analog to digital converter if you need to connect it to your computer via USB port. Take care, Norman.
camera record tapecassette	yes it does, it is MiniDV. Take care, Norman. 310-968 0555 east coast
record video put computer	Hi, thanks for your email, Sony PD150 is MiniDV format that means you load a MiniDV tape and capture footage on MiniDV tape and then transfer footage to your computer to either your computer or DVD recorder through RCA A/V jack, Svideo jack or Firewire port. Take care, Norman.
record tape internal hard drive	Tape. It does NOT take SD card. It runs off of a memory stick.
cameras softwear transfer windows 81 hp g6	Hi, thanks for your email, yes if your Computer has firewire port. Take care, Norman. 310-968 0555 east coast
advantagedisadvantage lens versus 14	Obviously the 1.4 has lower light capability and should be the better lens unless you are paying substantially more for it.
live streaming connected computer encoder words camera replace webcam	Yes it could using the firewire port on the camera to live stream to your computer.
come shotgun mic	Yes
hi want know type memory use camera special one sony	Hi, thanks for your email, it uses sony memory stick, memory stick is for pictures, you record information on the MiniDV tape. Take care, Norman.
camera play slow motion forward back stop play frame frame good resolution	No it will not play ib slo mo forward or back. I use the PD 150 camcorder strictly to shoot video then transfer it to my iMac via i.LINK (firewire 400) to edit in iMovie and Premiere, other wise you wear out the video heads more quickly.
download mac computer	Hi, thanks for your email, yes if your Mac has Firewire port. Take care, Norman.
work cameras sony alpha 35 sensor sony a900	yes
cdpcx355 selling $16984 date manufacture back	no idea i sent it back yesterday
unit buzz freeze startup	We have NOT had this problem with our unit, so we are unable to answer this question. Take it back, get another one!
kind aplifier need device	It plugs into your regular stereo equipment. Nothing special is needed. So speakers, tuner/amp, and this. It holds the cds and plays the cds. I've had it for years and still love it.
best manufactured date	I have no Idea, all I know is that we have not had any problems with it and we have had it for at least 4 Years.
play mp3	Yes, it plays MP3s
item bought used remote included anyone know purchase remote least one work	I would search on line for the unit. If not go to Best Buy with the unit and see if they have a universal remote that will talk to it. 
size unit heigth depth width	Product Details Product Manual [556kb PDF] Product Dimensions: 19.4 x 16.9 x 7.4 inches ; 0.3 ounces Shipping Weight: 19.8 pounds
amplifier	No, the mega changer needs to be connected to an amplifier. Mine is connected to my Sony Tuner. If you have a problem, phone me at 386-299-7280.
classic music station sound	Fantastic. While it's only one speaker, the quality is amazing. I much prefer this over the Bose Wave which always sounded too forced somehow. The sound is crisp and clear.
dq radio 220w charger	Hello, Thank you for your question! We only have parts for North American versions. The Model One has ports for both AC and DC power so you will be able to use the radio where 220v is standard. 
anyone problems fm tuning works fine fm incredibly scratchy &amp stations fade others problem	Yes. Factory Tech. told me to turn the radio on. Turn down the volume. Then rotate tuning knob from stop to stop for about 3 to 5 minutes. If that doesn't work. The radio needed to be sent into the factory for repair.
need keyboard fit connection cd find one	You need a standard desktop keyboard. There are thousands of them around at churches, schools, etc. Or, you may have a friend who has a desktop computer and has an extra old keyboard. As a last resort, there are lots of used computer shops out there and they should have one available. 
cd player raido	Not that I'm aware of, but that would be great. The radio is fantastic. I'm getting stations I'd never gotten clearly before. It was a big investment for me, but glad I took the plunge.
would like listen nano ipod thru radio times recommendations dock cable use model one	Use the 3.5mm jack from pod to back of model one
radio use standby power use power turned	To my knowledge, it does not use any power when it is turned off.
need buy shorter 120v ac power cable anyone know type ac connector back	Michael, my particular Tivoli Model One just has a typical, two-prong plug, with the female end being part of the cable. The cable came with the radio. I may not understanding your question.
work 55250mm canon lens 58mm	mk babiak, if you have canon camera and order tamron af 2x to fit canon it will fit your body and your lens will conect to it...if its a telephoto lens. keep in mind its likly not going to focus in your house now...your lens went from 55-250 to 165-750 put it on a tripod and take pictures of the moon ect. in anycase you will likely need a tripod to hold it stedy. mr brown
anyone use radio mp3 devices looking unit delivers good radio also good sound mp3 connected devices thanks	Superior audio reproduction for mp3 devices especially when compared to "dedicated" external speakers in same price range.
work canon eos xs tamron sp 70300 mm f456 auto focas vibration control	Any 2X Teleconverter will turn your Tamron sp 70-300mm f/4-5.6 into an effective 140-600 f/8-11 lens. The Canon EOS Rebel XS firmwa
anyone used tamron 150600	I have not. But I have used it with the Canon 100-400mm zoom, and even in combination with a Canon 1.4x extender. It works fine, with (at most) only slight loss of image quality.
tamron 2x af teleconverter canon lens connect	You need EF mount lenses. EF-S mount lenses will not fit this teleconverter. In general, teleconverters are a bad idea unless you use them with very high quality lenses. The converter will magnify any flaws the lens already has.
work 150600 tamron	I am using with tamron 18-300 and it works only on manual
teleconverter work ef efs lenses cameras 7d 6d apsc sensor full frame sensor	this lens would not fit my camera, even though the description said it would. I had to send it back.
radio made usa	Made in China. They clearly pay someone to respond to every review complaining that they charge $150 for a radio made by $1/hr labor in a country with poor labor and environmental standards. It's inexcusable.
canon eos rebel xs looking enhance cannon efs 55250mm lens wondering would work lens camera	Yes. This teleconverter works with all Canon mount EFS lenses.
canon eos rebel t3 1100d efs 1855 mm ii &amp efs 55250 mm lenses 2x converter fit camera	it works on my cannon 7d with a tamron 28-270 lens
anyone knows works canon 7d tamron 70200mm f28 sp di vc usd lens a009 thank much	Hi, Yes, it will work with the 7D. ( great camera, I owned one.) If the Tamron 70-200 lens is a Canon mount and fits your 7D then it will work with the teleconverter. Happy shooting.
live country husband looking good radio bring sports plus music work well	You will have to put on an external antenna. Not designed for reproducing music. More for talking.
router work imac destop early 2008	I do not know for sure and I am not a computer wizard. However, this is a similar to the age of my IMac and it works just fine. It might depend upon what software version you have updated to. For $20 you could try it (buy the router) and if it does not work upgrade to newer software. 
wireless capabilities yr found wireless routers also ports ethernet wired connections	No wireless. Just a nice, simple router.
unit come ac adapter ethernet cable	Yes.
anyone else get high pitched whining noise router	I've had mine for almost a year with no noise or other issues... I vaguely recall a couple reviews with that complaint, though... you'd have to check reviews from 2011 to find 'em... quality control is never foolproof unfortunately...
router sort wall mount capability holes bottom	Yes, holes in back for wall mounting.
need modem connect computer game systems	You need a modem to feed into the router. Then your computer and game systems are wired to the router.
oneclick way install software updates eg update button ui	This was "plug & play" as I remember and I never received any software with this product. Hope this helps. The unit has been performing well ever since I hooked it up, I can tell you that.
router gigabit controller	No. I'm using it right now. All it has is a power plug, a line in, and four lines out. It's a straight up router, very functional and hasn't given me a hint of a problem ever. No software. Hope that helps.
extender work tamron 18x250 lens	It should work with all Tamron lenses but to be sure I would go to Tamron's website.
convert vinyl cd's mp3 sl1200mk2 convert vinyl records technics sl1200mk2 cd's mp3	I have the SL-1210M5G and do a lot of vinyl transfers. First, download this free software. http://audacity.sourceforge.net/download/ I use the 1/4" headphone jack on my receiver to 3.5mm pin on my PowerBook G4 mic input.
worth buy table used high price anyone recommend similar table	There is no comparison. Numark had a turntable that looked like the 1200, but the torque was not the same.
switch voltage turntable 220 volt 110 volt use hong kong uk	Yes, as I remember under the platter there is a small switch with which you can switch between 220V and 110V. Actually mine arrived with the switch set to 220V so I had to change it to 110V before plugging in.
better unit superb home use typically play 70's folk rock music broad range instruments	It is the best
technics sl 1200 good 78rpm records kind needle recommended	The Technics 1200 is good, but one must make sure it was designed for 78rpm. I purchased a used one that is only wired for 33 and 45 rpm. 
included purchase cartridgeneedle dust cover etc	Cartridge and needle are not included. Dust cover is included. If your amp or receiver doesn't have a phono input, you will need a pre-amp as well.
someone let know best type needle turntable needs model brand etc appreciated thanks	That question is really too vague. There are so many types of needles/cartridges out there that give you a wide range of different sounds. It's really a preference thing. I really like Grado, but I know a lot of people who prefer other brands.
anyone know firewall firmware mac address filtering	According to the product's manual you can allow/deny Internet access for up to 32 MAC addresses.
automatic sl1300 manual	No, they're very different. The 1200 was meant for professional use and has a better tonearm, and is, as you state, fully manual. The motor is also higher torque, to allow for quicker startups when using the turntable for DJ'ing. 
type speakers used turntable sl202 get	You will need an amplifier with this turntable. Complement the speakers to the amplifier and your needs: quality and cost should be your first considerations.
dimensions	13 inches x 14 inches
item work well cleaning dust computer keyboard	I use it more for the screen and use canned air for the keyboard. This cloth is great for TV screens, phone screen, ect. I bought two of them and I highly recommend them. I use mine every day.
cartridge height 28mm manual says 1721mm affect performance	It could, depending on which cartridge your using. The weight of the tone arm is usually more critical than the height for best performance. But if the height of your cartridge goes outside that recommended by the turntable, you might have to compensate against the standard set-up procedures.
used camera lenses	I don't know why not. I would. I don't have a 35mm camera any more but I use them to wipe our binoculars. You might want to ask your local camera shop but I don't see why not. 
often wash keep plastic bag avoid grit scratching keep	I have yet to wash it, though I have shaken it out a few times. I store it in the bag it came in.
input	yea, it's on there. The remote pictured here is very similar but not exactly the same as the one delivered. But yes, where it has "antenna" is the input bit... so you can switch to the dvd player, wii/netflix, etc etc.
want purchase remote control olevia tv remote compatible olevia brand	Olevia is listed in the program codes.
lost remote came tv work box new rca	I am not sure. It has a lot codes so it should work. It is so in expensive it is worth a try. I was very happy with it.
computer ps3 use use stream videos etc router good	Should work just fine
used ipod screen	YES, it is made for PC's, TV's, Phones and ipods however the material is rougher than your normal cloth. I prefer the soft cloths better but, that is just a personal choice
long know states descrition seems really long I thinking package size	I'm not currently in view of it, but it's a regular remote control size. It's not huge or anything.
work dynex tvs	I really am not sure, as I purchased for the set time to go off if I fell asleep. The RCA folder said it should work on your Dynex and you would have to program it in. Best read instructions. Sorry....I could not be of more help. This is the best I can tell you from the folder.
work vizio e421va	Sorry I have no idea. I purchased for the sleep mode. You best look up the RCA RCU403 specs to see if it would work with your TV....compatibility.
work brand upstar	I have not heard of that brand. These remotes are so inexpensive, take a chance. Couldn't hurt.
work coby led tv	I am sorry I do not know about a Coby. You would have to read the file that in the instruction if it is compatable with Coby. It works super on my RCA as I only use it for the sleep timer..We have Verizon and their TV control does not have a sleep mode on it....
access manual sony icfsw7600gr amfm shortwave world band receive online	I cannot post links to websites here amazon will censor it .
made japan	YES. On the back of the unit itself, left-hand side, top half, it is stated quite clearly that the SONY ICF-SW7600GR AM/FM is "Made In Japan."
brit us mainly want able listen bbc world service &amp bbc news &amp sports stations short wave radio best answer	I think the Internet is the best choice.
want buy one review states come ac adaptorwhich adaptor buy prefer one shipped amazon	Yes Amazon has some fine ac/dc transformers,but according to some reviews the one with the less inteference wasn't available from Sony anymore,so I bought mine offsite at universal radio.
remote compatible dynex brand	hi, im sorry but idk what Dynex is..... after I programmed the remote to a JVC t.v. with the codes they provided,i threw away the code sheet (I should've kept it).
antenna bit lose base radios found strange	Mine feels snug, I just checked it. Although I don't move it much, and have had mine for about a year.
use sangean ant60 short wave antenna radio	Yes it looks like you can , but my radio came with the Sony an - 71 compact antenna for short wave
avol tvwill work	what is an avol tv ......... it works to control sat-tv-vcr-aux an comes with a book of codes
sony anlp1 ant directly connect work well radio	I own and use the AN-LP1 antenna with my Sony ICF-SW7600GR and the two work perfectly together. The antenna plugs directly into the radio using the 3.5mm antenna jack. 
works a6000	Yes, this Sony Tripod will work on your Sony A-6000. -Ely
sony's site advertises model remote control $59 newer model	I did not receive any remote. It may be available in newer model.
work nex series	Works with my Nex-6.
tripod point straight highest angle point	I think so. The top plate can be raised to a vertical position
come quick connect plate	Hi Monkey Mom, the tripod has a camera mounting shoe to mount the unit to the tripod. Thanks_Mitch
camera hole bottom sony dsch2 I guessing would probably work anyone know sure	Yes, it should work. I believe the thread is standard.
warrany	Think it's a year, should last you through the warranty. It's built very well.
fit ipad air	Probably not. You would need some kind of attachment on your iPad for it to lock into the tripod.
tripod come case	No
want use speakers existing tv separate amplifier required audio tv handle	You will need an amplifier or A/v reciever. Tv output is not sufficient It does not decode the sound so it wont work
recommend amplifier work system hdtv	Your HDTV has regular red and white audio outputs right? If so, any 2-channel stereo receiver will work very well and won't break the bank. 
tall woofer	Dimensions Cube speakers 3"H x 3"W x 4"D ( 7.6 cm x 7.6 cm x 10.2 cm ) Acoustimass module 14"H x 12.5"W x 7.5"D ( 35.6 cm x 32 cm x 19.1 cm )
acoustimass 3 series compare bose companion ii computer speakers acoustimass bass	The large speaker provides bass and the smaller speakers are more treble. I hooked them up to my home theatre.
anyone figured convert bose acoustimass bluetooth using something like logitech bt audio converter	no
compatible sony led tv listen tv sound output speaker system	These speakers wire to your stereo/tuner like any others, they are powered by a transformer. Should be audio outputs on the tv to connect to the stereo amp/tuner.
work sony handycam cx405 sony's website shows tripod accessories cam comp products	Hi Lola, yes, this tripod is compatible with the HDRCX405 camcorder. Thanks_Mitch
box section indicates system includes 1 powered acoustimass module verify module really ac powered	Not AC powered. This set up requires the use of a receiver. 
load routeable maps	You will need the serial cable and software if it is still supported.
lost bold pointer fine line reactivate bold pointer	not sure, but i would take the battery out and leave it out for a day,then maybe it will reset.
make 2 speakers rear channels combine 2tower front speakers	They work well as either front or rear speakers. I use a jbl wireless transmitter so I would not have to run wire.
support australian maps	Yes
1 please outline steps mark fishing spot return later 2 name waypoint	Marking a waypoint requires you to hold the "Enter" button down for a couple of seconds. A new screen appears showing the data which is being saved as that waypoint.
mark fishing spots boat return	Yes but it's important to keep the unit exposed my unit will not track in a backpack ect..now I use an app on my iPhone
750mb external zip drive install 64 bit computer	Yes
grundig g6 vs one thoughts	as a 40 year shortwave listener to world band radio. having a table top that cost over $1,000 and several portable shortwave radios, you truly get what you pay for. 
download free iomegaware software buy cd got zip drive 2001 cd work window vista	I previously answered about the CD. It will work with Vista as plug and play, but only on some versions. 
iomega 100 work hp desktop win7 looking 750 bought cord add usb sockets friend pushing 1tb external suggestions	It's been a long, long time since I've bought an Iomega diskette type drive. Compared to a USB Hard Drive (like Seagate Backup Plus) the older Iomega is much slower and less reliable.
item work windows 7 8	Works with win 7 no problem. Don't know about Win 8 but since it's USB interface I expect it would.
buy cd supposedly came iomega 750 mb usb drive got mine 2001 recall cd	If you mean the software cd, 'Solutions", I can send you one for free. It is only to be used with older versions of windows, i.e. 2000 and older.
product description contradictory info nicd nimh	All the batteries I purchase are Ni-MH.
battery compatible kebt071d 650mah	I don't know. I have only used the batteries that came with the walkie talkies. That is a KEBT-071-H 650mAh. I don't know what what the D to the H would mean.
kind run time people getting batteries put full charge last full day vox	We ran them all day in MOTOROLA EM100R TALKABOUT RADIOS, 7:30 AM to 3:PM. We have a dozen radios on one channel. The manager is on the radio every 15 minutes or so. We charge them over night and store them for 10 months in a fully uncharged state.
inside t8510tpr talkabout radios motorola say 45 volts dc thes batteries 36 vdc radios	I have never noticed the 4.5 volts written on the inside, but mine say that too. I have 4 talkabout radios and the batteries are all 3.6VDC, and they work perfectly.
zip drive operate mac come iomega install software	I have used one on my iMac for 9 years with no trouble. Plugged it in and started using it.
inside t8510tpr talkabout radios motorola say 45 volts dc batteries 36 vdc radios	Hello David, I am not a seller. I do not sell batteries.
I got older model talkabout says fcc id k7gsx900 work	what will work? batteries? ear phones? don't know!
many batteries anr pack 1 2	1 only
good afternoon price indicated per unit per pair thanks	Amazingly, that is price per unit, not pair.
ethernet 10100bt network interface card buy pc hp model pavillion m8000n thank george	Looking at the model specifications, it seems the only free slot you have available is a pci-e (express) slot. 
battery pack work motorola charging base meant recharge batteries without taking talkabout radio	yes that is what I have
51 surround energy want add two speakers make 71 media room speakers used two extra speaker also would like use subwoofer living room jbl bd100 speakers subwoofer	Simply adding two more speakers to your system does not make it a 7.1. You risk burning up the amplifier by having speakers with mismatched impendences.
work motorola mu350r	The batteries that came in that package are #53615, 650mAh NiCad. It will work in the MR350R, but I don't even see a model MU350R listed.
work motorola talkabout t5000	Yes it should.. the T5000 radio is different than radio I purchased it for and my radios do not fit in the bases and the connections are in the wrong spot as mine are the MS350 series but the bases and connectors appear to properly placed for the T 5000.
battery charger work em1000r talkabout	No
work t5920 motorola talkabout	Hi... I only have an older model Motorola MC220R (which is no longer available), so I can't say for sure if this charger kit will work for the T5920. Good luck.
work compaq evo d500 small form factor computer	Yes it will.
work motorola mt352tpr see picture connector back mt352 connectors bottom	Not sure on your model but my radios are model T5950. The battery I bought has 2 contacts on the back for recharging.
work motorola t4800 t5420	Mine is a T5950, made in 2003, not sure about your models.
hi listing titled nimh one description says nimh description box says nicd nimh nicd thanks	NiMH is what I've received each time, and I've bought 30 of these
fit model em1010tpr	Though I haven't tried this model, seeing the images and dimensions of EM1010TPR (similar to MT352R), I believe, it should fit. But, let me tell you, its useless as a charger.
motorola 53614 nimh battery urgrade kit work motorola talkabout modil t5710	It's worked perfect.
compatible mr 360r thanks	I cannot answer you this question because i bought this product for my son, sorry.
well movement want use son moves lot	yes. Use the S setting which is for shutter speed priority. I use mine for sports.
available used come lens well even mentioned	Hi No lens came with this camera. Just the body, unless it was in a package deal. But mine came bare. Just the body. Now I have about 10 lenses to go with it
well close shots	The quality of the camera itself will produce a clear images. But it depends on the lens that you get for close-up shots. I've got an amazingly sharp photos using a macro lens :)
camera memory card	Yes, it's granddaughters and she is happy with it I got it for her for Christmas a couple years ago-sorry it took a while to answer, I had to get ahold of her
cafe would like start posting pics smoothies dishes online camera good choice lownot well lite space	It isn't bad in low light, just use a wide angle lens to use as much light in the area as possible and you shouldn't have any problems.
matter way installed long plugs pci slot	Definitely. Each contact has a specific purpose and they are not mirrored. I think you will find that you could not turn it around as the slots are not the same distance from the ends.
come memory card charger	Mostly comes. only with the charger read the specifications of the seller
use camera flash	Yes, I used the Nikon SB-700 flash with this camera.
sd card slot	It uses compact flash memory card
box camera lens battery memory card usb cable	Usually Nikon includes the camera body, body cap (to keep the sensor free of dust), a fabric strap (usually adorned with the brand and device name), a single battery, a single charger, numerous cables (for connecting to your PC and television) as well as a multiple language format instruction manual in the box. The only time they include a lens is when the lens is sold as part of a kit.
carbon black	Purchased the cleaning pen on 5/16/2013 and 5/20/2013 total of 4 pens Fulfilled by Amazon. These cleaning pens came on time. But it was not an original Nikon cleaning pens. 
card support wake lan	According to specs it does not.
take videos	No, this camera does not record video.
supposed something suctioncup looking end pen upon opening black dohicky fell thats left plastic	There should be a felt like material that is coated with a carbon based powder to help remove smudges and oil from your lenses.
good cleaning eye lenses well	I think you meant the eye lens on the camera itself ? the one you look thru, if that is the case it works cause I tried it, however for like reading glasses I don't recommend that cause it is just not cost effective and these brushes wear over time depending on frequency of use, and they won't do to glasses what a good old shamy wouldn't do
pen used pen cleaned keep good job	That is a good and clever question . I think that require another purchase of some stuff which can blow air into it to make it clean ... Might be Giottos Blower ,not sure .
either end brush disc used sensor sony nex 6	Yes you can use on the sensor... the sensor in all DSLRs is covered by glass... you're not touching the actual sensor. That being said you're best using an anti static brush and wet clean only if needed.
cable need buy connect output unit camcorder jack standard jack	It comes with a cord, but if you want more length you can use a standard cord.
shotgun mic cannot pick low throbs car engine shop guy suggested something like would work battery operated tks	This is simply a mixer..Not an EQ. This means you can have 3 different mics plug into the 3-1 and adjust the blend to your input (Usually a camera) It requires no batteries.
use rode videomic go needs phantom power mixer	I haven't tried it, but I doubt this mixer would let the power through to run the microphone.
nikon lens cleaning pen good p&amps camera canon 950 nikon 7072 lens pen cleaning system similar size ones available companies primarily slr camera lenses	I would be comfortable using this pen on most if not all glass (except etched). 
combine two microphones one music source laptop ipod etc one audio output home receiver karaoke use	That shouldn't be a problem. I have had two mics attached to a single camera and it worked fine.
anybody know use mixer dslr shotgun mic trying listen audio recording adjust mixer	This unit does not provide a headphone jack so you will have use different hardware. Some professionals will use a digital recorder which can give you the pass through audio to the dslr, a headphone jack, and a back up audio track of probably better quality.
country manufacture nikon 7072 lens pen cleaning system	usa
fit ford focus 2002	It has been about 8 years since I did the radio install on my '02 focus, but I'm am almost certain it will fit. Make sure you get the radio removal tools too (radio can be removed with a couple of long skinny nails in a pinch - hey, it worked) but it is infinitely easier with proper tools.
question 1995 ford explorer xlt ordered fmk550radio install kit anyone could tell compatible	For Explorer (All Models) 1995-2004, that is what is fits. So, Yes it will fit your Explorer.. :)
2001 ford ranger edgecan anyone recomend reasonable priced stereo cd&ampclock amazon would fit kit	Kenneth, I bought this radio TWICE! (Two different vehicles).
hi part fit ford winstar 2001 thanks	I'd refer to crutch field for the exact fit. Then buy from Amazon, you can not beat the price.
would work 93 ford taurus	No, this one fits mostly trucks, and full size cars like Crown Vic, Lincoln.
often suggest using anyone clarify explain often cleaned	Only when you see dust and smudges.
fit 2002 ford explorer xlt	Yes, it will fit the Explorer.
fit 2003 crown victoria police interceptor	Yep!!!!! I have the same car also and it fits well.
wanted use tv get matching bookshelf speakers later would mini amp receiver better thanks advance	That depends a lot on the tv. If it's a newer HD with 40 in or larger screen, I doubt thatyou'll see an advantage without the bookshelf speakers Most new tv have decen audio. I use the BIC as a center fill on a high end receiver based system
speaker take banana plugs	No. The connections are the cheapie pushin-spring types. Not optimal but OK. Had this for 2-3 months and I think it sounds better every day. (Music and cinema) My viewing/listening distance is ~10 feet, and while I am not a real audiophile, for $40 I am very pleased. My setup: Yamaha 373 5.1 receiver BIC DV-32 CLR center BIC DV32 front (mains) Dayton Audio 12" sub older JBL (small) surrounds
yamaha dx675 2 525 bookshelfs 10 sub bic center channel make difference	Works well with my Bose 901 Direct/Reflecting speaker system.
speaker work okay provide sound tv low volume know nothing speakerssoundbar	This is a center channel speaker that attaches to an receiver
use onkyo sr 507 found loud loud would like suggestions	It maybe needs tuned. Your amp has enough wattage to make it loud enough to make people cover their ears when turned up. Have you searched the home theatre FORUMS for answers? That usually helps
fit 2007 ford econoline van	It should fit it fine it's made for ford Lincoln mercury 95 to 2011
work 2005 mercury mariner premier	It should work just fine. Since there are no instructions, when you open the package you will find extra parts. Disregard those and just snap the main part of the adapter in the dash trim piece that housed your radio.
f12 looking get center speaker suggestions go sub front leftright speakers	I use a pair of the 62si's with the 32CLR as center and would recommend the setup. However, if you're not budget constrained and like to listen to loud music, you might want to consider something bigger like the DV64's.
considering using front speakers wall mounted vertically	Very nice speaker for voices. No place to attach hardware for vertical mounting. Pretty heavy for size, too.
width belt work	the clip from inside spring to the pin to hold at the bottom is just under 1 3/4" so a 1 1/2 inch would be best but it stays on a wider belt pretty well even if it doesn't hook over the bottom edge of the belt. Fishing on the lake with a 2" belt, maybe better not try that....
width button clip attaches	The button that snaps into the holder clip is 1/2 inches in diameter. There is a self-sticking adhesive peel off sticker on the base of this button. When I use it as a hanger for a cell phone around my neck I put a little "Crazy Glue" on the adhesive to make sure it adheres strongly.
speaker compatible sony 51 htddw660 operates 6 ohms 50 watts per channel thanks	Yes it will work fine. If anything going up in ohm ratings is easier and safer than going down.
used clip phone onto plain waist band [like belt]	Yes it can. I clip it to the hem of my t-shirt while walking.
output hd tv	No, I don't believe so.
tried get pad stick case phone hold work attach directly phone thanks	Good question. I put it directly on the phone. However it kept coming off so I super glued. All is well in pariadise now
instal channel plus 3025	I don't really understand the question. If you understand what the modulator does the installation is very straight forward. It does come with clear instructions.
connect receiver	You need a multi channel 5/1 or higher receiver which would have a connection on the back for a center channel speaker. A stereo 2 channel receiver would not have that connection.
resolution put input comes rca cables I guessing even support 720p	It is standard resolution...480i, just like we had before high definition. Any of today's TV can display this signal in a wide screen format, although not all cable boxes give the user sufficient flexibly to maintain the right aspect ratio on the picture....TiVo does.
work want combine two ota digital antennas get better frequency bonus question would amplifier good addvalue purchase I trying get better reception channels	Yes, that is exactly what I am using one of the two I bought to do. And, yes, an amplifier will help you be able to tune in weaker channels as well. 
front speakers guys paired center f12 want get something pairs well thx	Unfortunatly I am still using the Panasonic speakers that came with integrated dvd/suuround sound unit,SA-PT660. The BIC made a major differance. I originally thought it was the system itself.
work cable input digital antenna one coaxial input new smart tv currently unplug plug	I bought this to do just that. You do need a short coaxial cable to plug the splitter into the TV coaxial input and then plug the antenna in one and the Satellite DVR in the dual side of the splitter.
ir passing mean	IR passing is if you have a whole-house remote control system that utilizes the coaxial cable in your house. Otherwise you don't rally need that feature but it does not hurt anything.
use 2 rca ant751 attic connected old splitter seem cancel other's signal help need ab box	There is more to it than just joining the two antenna using a splitter in reverse.They are indeed canceling each other out. 
use channel plus2512rc connect lavahd2605 antenna 2 separate rfg6 cables power blocked preamp	Probably. I would ask the company that makes the lavahd though to be sure
require tvs within certain footage unit increase distance using rf booster	My experience is that the distances are stated very conservatively and you probably will not need a booster, but if you still needed more signal a booster would work.
problem frustration set two tvs two spare brs visitors soon want able watch tv although cable extended wall rooms method connecting directly tv work	If you connect the output of the cable box to one of the inputs, then connect the two remote TVs to the outputs, you will be able to view the cable system on the remote TVs.
two roof top antenna three tvs use two combinerspitter setup mean use one combiner one splitter	Yes you can - the connections are not waterproof make sure you use them indoors only
used outdoors weather	Yes. My work great outdoors.
cobra still made us china	China.
transmit receive two way radio	I assume you mean handheld walkies, your walkie has to be designed to work on CB frequencies. The cheap handhelds found in most stores almost always work on FRS frequencies.
cobra 29ltd 40 channel cb radio weather channel	This particular model does not have the NOAA weather stations
followup cannot use spliiter hook backwards combiner	There is nothing stopping you from trying that but my guess is that it will not work.
set swr's calibration cobra 29ltd using built switch	This wasa gift to someone else
use channel plus 2512dcir connect lava hd 2605 antenna powered rg6 cable use port amplifier cable	I am not a technician but since this unit is both a splitter and combiner it should work but I am not certain what you are trying to do.
call cb radio nobody hear hear everyone comunicating	Turn squelch Dow volume up dynamike up a try that if not check antenna an coax
get power via cigarette lighter	I guess if u have an adapter
radio work poland	I dont know, but in Russia radio working well. Attention, this radio does not have FM!!! Only AM!!!
squelch brand new cb bought another cb new antenna	there is one. try one of the inner dials
may one stupid questions would work cobra 2000 gtl original speaker working	Also check out: Cobra 2000 Audio Repair
read cobra hg s500 speaker works cobra radios work brands like mine pa switch ext speaker jack	I use on my cobra which has ext. speaker jack and an ext. pa jack. The speaker has has two wires , one for each jack.
unit plug cig lighter power additional adaptor required	no it does not plug into the cigarette lighter . I have mine hooked up direct from the battery .. that way the ignition does not have to be on while I am using it when I am not driving
microphone also serve speaker speaker body unit thanks	The speaker is on the unit at the bottom
r true dimensions c two different widths	My 29 NW LTD Classic Manufactured May 2012 in China is 9 1/2 long including the knobs, 2 1/4 high and 7 3/8 wide including the case screws but not including the mounting screws This is what Cobra says Height: 2.13" Width: 7.25" Length: 8.75"
come bracket mount	Yes it does. Great Radio
one weather noaa channels	No
4pin 5 pin 6pin adapter	it is for coax so it is 1 center pin and a shield.
connect 239 connector midland 182442 mobile cb antenna	Yes
I bit new cb radio right drive 2010 vw beetle radio antenna top doodad allow switch antenna top vehicle get better cb radio reception	Hey, I bought one by mistake. I've never figured out what it is used for. Recommend you go to Radio Shack and ask one of the clerks what it is.
4 5 pin	4 pin
mic work abrams pa system	If you plug the PA to the back of your CB the Mic will work through the CB just fine
make midland 75822 handheld cb radio connect wilson 30538 little wil antenna	yes
want use boost volume tv use conjunction topping 23w amp speakers ok	They should work just fine since they are 10 watts minimum power.
set rca port	No
want use rear speakers 51 system mount speaker stands screwbolt hole bottom speakers	They do have a slot in the bottom, but they are heavy speakers for their size and they have additional slots on the back side which seems to be for some sort of side and back mount. 
keyhole screw mounts back used mounts	yes they do
pair purchased 2011 one gone bad warranty I screwed warranty purchase one	these are bought in pairs only.
want hang ceiling rear anyone mounts bought kind buy	easy adapto, is the style of these speakers, have inside holes for diferents positions, but ceiling in not the best side for the speakers, maybe you can get one position in the back wall.
sold pair	Yes!
wireless	No
use logitech thx z2300 subwoofer	I don't see why not. Despite being cheap, they're pretty solid with good response and probably make good bookshelf speakers. 
anyone recommend particular model wire strippers speakers cables seem thick	you can use big wire strippers or one sided razor blade. you need a good set of strippers thats all.. this is the best wire, i have it on my mactonish speakers they were very $$$$. true blue wire, monster.....
pool 100' dual wire	Yeah. There's one wire for a positive signal and one wire for a negative signal attached to each other.
long cable	100 ft
one spool 100 feet cable	yes
extended electronics warrantys purchase four square others amazon apply speakers	You really do not need it.BIC has one of the best warranties on speakers you will find
holes back wall mounting	no but you could easily install brackets to back..for the money these speakers are great, cant be beat.
anyone using front left right speakers home theater sound	Yes, I use these as front left and right speakers in a home theater. They are really good speakers. They are very clear and loud. 
work 16 watt amp 8 watts per channel	It might work but the speaker needs at least 10 watts minimum using a underrated amp will cause the amp to clip and in turn damage speakers I personally.would not usea amp less than 25-30 watts per channel.Hope this helps
kind cables buy dv62si speakers	Any speaker wire cable will do, however if you are putting this speaker a long distance from the source(receiver) you should use a thicker gage wire. But some banana plug ends for easy connection to the speakers.
work midland cb radio	Sorry, couldn't say.
battery required	No
many ohms speakers	8&#937;.
set rca port	No
well would fill middle register nice small bookshelves strong sub mid range lacking	very nicely! $4$ you"ll love em got 4 just for that reason would recommend these speakers!
use stereo speakers yamaha as500 integrated amplifier shall get decent bass speakers without subwoofer	Yes you can use these, as for bass it dependes on how much you want. These are great for music and movies but I would recommend a subwoofer.
cabinet constructed solid weight speaker	They are made from OSB with vinyl veneer on them. They aren't the most attractive speakers around, but they are pretty solid. These are great speakers for the price. They are a little brite, but that can be toned down with some EQ if needed.
size speaker stands would put	They're awfully small. I just have them sitting on top or the bookcase that I've turned into a stereo stand. I hope that helps.
hi looking tape cassette converter old 8mm cassettes seel anything would trick	Richard, easiest way is to use a Hi-8 camera fire-wired to your computer. Or buy a Hi-8 machine (sony makes one). Your editing program should be able to handle standard NTSC footage.
radio cigarette plug need hardwired vehicle's electrical system	Hard wired.
speaker plug input	Hi Susan, yes this CB does have the typical jack for an external speaker. output only. that is, you can add an external speaker. I hope this answers your question.
radio weather channels	sorry the 25 ltd does not have weather channels
cb used home power supply	Most definitely can be used with a 12v DC supply. Just be certain the supply is capable of delivering adequate power for the radio. Reference the specifications on-line.
microphone plug work	No
come mounting bracket screws particular radio say box	Of course.
made china philippines	mine was made in China also if I had a do over would ordered with Standing wave meter built in if you have space for it I had space limitation
led light change channels dark	There's no light, but you really don't need one since you find the channel the old fashioned way by turning the dial until the next clear station comes in. 
play cassettes	No it doesn't. Sony has labelled this "Walkman", but the name is a general term for Sony consumer product that are portable. This SRF59 is an earbuds/headphone only AM/FM stereo receiver.
live rural area fm reception	excellent FM reception. Thats why I bought it. I was getting stationed intermingled with my walkman but this one has been great with the FM. Very clear and channels not overlapping
instead using headphones fm radio reception standard 35 mm male male cable work eg plug radio speaker	Hi Jonathan, yes, that should work. -Vincent
listen radio without using ear buds	No but other than that I love it and use it every day when I walk
wander another station pocket	I do not put mine in my pocket. I clip it on to what I am wearing. Love this radio. Great item for the price. It has always stayed on the station I put it on.
use headphones listen put desk	Wear either their light soft headphones or your earbuds. No external speaker included, I'm not sure about plugin-auxillary speaker.
unit work indoors 2 static indoors	Hi Grandmother, I am sitting in my indoor office and it works fine. It is a used Walkman, and is ideal for walking around town or sitting and enjoying FM-AM reception. I hope that I have answered your question. KRG
earphones used unstead included headphones	If you mean like the ear buds, I don't use that headphone, I find them too hot. I use an ear phones that wraps around my ear, more secure and comfortable for me. So, Yes you can. I think any standard ear phone would work and fit the hole.
play cassettes	No, it doesn't play cassettes but it is a fine radio.
insert batteries panasonic vhs playpak	Its very easy. It uses one AA battery and the battery compartment is located on the left side of the pak. Just pull the black tab out and insert the battery. This unit does a really good job. Have used mine a lot since I had recorded a lot of camcorder video with the small vhs cassette tapes. Hope this helps.
fit sony mini dv lp90 cassette	I doubt it....in fact no. This is specifically for VHS-C camcorders regardless of brand. DVC for your camera is a different specification.
reassemble parts panasonic vhs playpak	Why is it in parts and what parts do you have? Doesnt look like there is very much to it. Dont know that I can help you but I do have one.
work sony dcr hc90	yes it will as long as your sony dcr hc90 uses miniDV tapes
work panasonic vs70 svhsc movie camera	I have a sony video camera. If you use the 8mm tapes-same size as this cassette, you can use the tape head cleaner. It works if you have mildly dirty heads.
correct picture pixilation problems	Yes, it helped this same problem with my video camera.
work canon dvc zr85	Yes it will. Any brand of mini Dv cleaning tape will work. I prefer Panasonic or Sony, which ever is cheapest.
clear item description 1 speaker 2 speakers	2. They are great. I love mine.
way make directional I I would rather blast neighbors placement around pool would close property edge	No, unfortunately not. They make other speakers that are unidirectional, such as those that can be mounted on walls, and also the rock speakers.
I I would like use backyard scottsdale az green color work spray painted different color	Shouldn't be a problem. Make sure your paint will stick to the plastic housing. Masque the foam sound slots to prevent paint from getting on the foam and reducing the sound output.
installing outside partially buried top portion ground	Yes thats exactly how I buried mine. With just the top couple of inches above the ground. The actual speaker is inside the bottom portion. The top part has a cone just inside the cage. I suppose u could bury it all the way down without damaging it and it would be less of a tripping hazard.
speakers require additianal amp push appropriately would head uinit similar would installed car work	These speakers will require an amplifier similar to any loudspeaker in order to reproduce a full frequency signal.
ran directly reciever	Yes using landscaping wire.
adjust volume speaker installed two sound emanating quiet	There are no volume control on the speakers themselves. You will have to control the volume via whatever equipment the speakers are connected to. Ie. a stereo system or surround receiver.
saw review speakers supposed come 25' outdoor speaker cable attached mine supposed	Was there not cable connected and spooled on the bottom of speaker?
anyone make amp suggestions	Since these are outdoor speakers I used the Sonos connect 120 and couldn't be more pleased. This gives complete control of your music and speakers from most computers, pads, or cell phones. Really handy for sitting outside. The sound is is great even after three years in the Wisconsin snow and rain and muggies.
warranty terms	1 year parts and labor.
lost square connector fits puck get replacement	As far as I know the only way to get a replacement Sima quick release is to buy a complete new unit. While I've heard that Sima made (or makes) the quick releases for sale separately, dealers don't stock them preferring to sell the higher priced full units which, until recently, were less expensive for the full package than others were charging for the quick releases alone.
buy additional attachment blocks would allow connect multiple cameraslights one tripod	what you see is what you get. I have never seen the pieces sold separately. Frankly, I have several - receivers are on my most used tripods, monopod, and even a waist belt (keeps camera from swinging when hiking/touring). 
purpose second 14 inch pin base plate know removed see reason	Its just to make pression in the camera, with that Little thing the camera its adjusted
thread 14 38 base attaches tripod	Threads are 1/4-20
understand swivelspans tilt	The question is for the tripod which answer is yes. However the part you asked about is the attachment that goes on the tripod not the tripod
dimensions plate attaches camera	The base of the square "wedge shaped" plate is 1 7/16" @ it's widest and 1 1/8" @ the rubber top (side that touches camera) and about 1/4" high. The mount plate is heavy duty plastic with 2 - 1/4 x 20 threaded female holes. One is for the mounting screw and the other is for the removable centering pin. 
looking player transfer hi8 video tapes mac possible walkman	Hi, thanks for your email, yes if your Mac has Firewire port. Take care, Norman. 310-968 0555 east coast
gvd800 video walkman play videos built screen also transfer dvd using hp computer	Yes
head clearner work panasonic pul452 camcorder uses vhsc tapes	No you would have to look for a different type of head cleaner.
head cleaner work jvc camera	Hello Kathy H. I have a Canon Mini Digital Video Camcorder, this digital video head clearer works well in my camcorder. I still have a few JVC and a Panasonic VCR cassette tape recorders, the VCR and the Mini Digital video camcorder are made similar bases.
product work panasonic pvgs9 model camcorder please let know thanks	Check a compatibility list here: http://www.eastcoastphoto.com/nav/itempage.asp?itemid=4381&catid=&hid=#.UvrCuLQWnsk
warranty option extended warranty third party company	Hi Franklin, my listing clearly indicate that there is 30 days warranty with it, I can extend the warranty to six month for $120.00 extra. Let me know and I will email you how we can do that. Take care, Norman. 310-968 0555 east coast
ship ireland	Hi, thanks for your email, yes if you pay for shipping by ups and signature confirmation. This Video Walkman is NTSC and I know you used pal system in Ireland so look for GV-D800e if you are looking for pal system. Let me know. Take care, Norman.
gvd800 transfer pal video 8 tapes computer	Hi, you would have to get model gvd800e, I may know someone who has it
sony gvd800 works transfer sony vrdmc6 dvdirect dvd burner	The GV-D800 has the ability to output 1394(FireWire), S-video and also regular RCA (red, yellow white). So if your Sony device can take a signal input one of those ways then it should work, but I admit I'm not familiar with the sony device you listed.
play 8mm cassette tapes internal speaker	Hi, Yes it will play all 8MM and HI8 tapes. Yes, it does have a internal speaker. If you have any other questions let us know. Thanks, Josh
fit bose	Yes, it fits the Bose cubes. And if you have the white ones like I do, they are easily painted to blend in with the speakers.
fit enery rc micro satelite center speakers	According to the energy website, the rc micro satellite speakers have 1/4"-20 holes. Omnimount 5.0 W/C (5 lb) has a screw that accomodates thread size 4mm or 5mm. The Omnimount 10.0 W/C (10 lb) has the most common speaker thread size of 1/4"-20 (and includes 5mm adapter).
fit sonos 1	The sonos 1 has an 1/4 inch (6.75mm) integrated, threaded (20 threads per inch) mounting hole.
able use mass storage device 32mb pcmcia card external drive sorts thanks	This reader only reads ATA Flash cards. Not very reliable. Problems with Windows 7 and above.
usb connection esata usb conversion cable	Mine was USB.
work mac	Most likely. I can verify that it worked properly under Linux to recover files from a MS/DOS FAT16 file system written by a device that has not been made for nearly 15 years.
read sram cards	Never tried...Don't know Sorry....I know it reads CF cards with adapter, but that's all....
unit adapt external pcmcia floppy drive usb	Not sure. I use it to read/write to a PCMCIA memory card.
read 68 pin san disk sdp3b pcmcia ata card	Try this link instead
work windows 81	All I know is that it did not work with XP or win 2000. You might get lucky but I sure hope you like to play.
read sandisk pcmcia pc card ata older case ih combine need transfer data computer	Yes!!
use unit read panasonic p2 cards provided I installed p2 driver panasonic	No is the short answer.
hello looking device acting gateway old cardbus device interface communicate industrial equipment usb	yes!!!! this is the one!
gauge cord	David, the TLP604's input cord gauge is 14. If you have additional questions, don't hesitate to contact Tripp Lite's Chicago-based Tech Support team at (773)869-1234, and they will be happy to help you. Thank you! Helena from Tripp Lite
use also treadmill	Yes
looks like onoff switch	Yes
place show plug cord plug right left flush style work behind cabinet	Neither! This is a regular/straight plug not meant to work behind a cabinet.
way determine minimum joule rating need specifically 50 screen cable box couple components	It should, but I'm not positive, you may want to do more research.
mount infinity tss 750 satellite speaker	Yes
fit jbl n24	Yes, this mount can support your 4.5 pounds jbl n24 speakers, and the standard 1/4"- 20 thread (screw) also fits the speakers mounting sockets
mounts fit satelites energy take classic 51 home theater set	Yes they will.
good protector 7 cu ft freezer	Yes. It works.
kind plug end 'straight wall' standard plug low profile 90degree angle plug rotating end plug	straight out from the wall
ul certified	Yes, it's UL Listed for Canada and US.
bag also tablet pocket sleeve	I carry both a laptop and a tablet and this bag has secure storage for both. You will be surprised at how thoughtful the designers were when they made this bag. I'm on my second one in 12 years (the first one didn't wear out, it was destroyed in a house fire). I recommend this bag to all road warriors!
backpack side sleeve deep enough hold 1 qt water bottle	no.
need connect speakers receiver work plug computer receiver	A receiver with at least 50 watts per chanel will do fine, then plug your computer to the aux imput of the receiver. Make sure you use 12 Gauge wire to conect the speakers and get the best out of them. 
range frequency response	Frequency Response 30Hz - 20KHz
speakers come bracket hang wall	I'm not sure. It's been a while since I received mine. Great sounding speakers though!
4 8 ohm older pair bose 62 directreflecting speaker system 4 ohm	i have 301 speakers. they are rated 4 to 8 ohms hope this helps
4 8 ohm	You can run the on both
anyone used part surround system center channel speaker usel	Sure you could use these as surround speakers. In fact I am using them as surround and it really sounds great. I have 5:1 sound system. Connect them to the two surround speaker connection in the back. Left to left speaker and right to right speakers.
speakers used tv also	You need a receiver to push the amps through it. It demands a lot. TVs don't have much.
multi 100220 volt	Since the speakers are powered through your receiver/television, it should step down voltage. I don't think there is any difference between 110 or 220 volts.
u use wall unit enclosed	i don't believe so bruce. they are designed to be placed at least a foot away from a solid surface i.e. the wall. Bose recommends 18 inches from the wall yet they can be mounted on a wall. inside a closed box i just don't know. seems like someone from bose might have a more definitive answer.
dimensions thx	Dimensions are: 8" H x 13 3/4 " W x 8 5/8 " D.
hooked computer	Not without some kind of amplifier. Computer speaker outputs deliver an unamplified signal. These are really good speakers, but not the best choice for what you're doing. Bose does make computer speakers that would be worth checking into. I can't recall the number, but they shouldn't be too hard to find online. Eddie
hi I I would like know bit power output speakers	Don't be fooled by their good looks.. These speakers are very powerful. They produce fine highs and throaty lows. I listen to all types of music on these and I've never heard them distort. I find myself always turning them up and up because I love the way they sound and just want to hear more.
backpack sold see top two pictures different handle bottom two also 80's calculatorwalkman included	All of the ones I have had show the handle in the top two pictures. There have been some changes in waist straps (gone) and the snaps for the straps on the shoulder straps
compatible 1000 watt receiver	Yes. I have the Sony STR DN 1040 and have not had any issues.
installed bose tv speaker would able connect speakers get powerful sound	I connected mine to a stereo amp and fed everything through it. the sound is great !!
confused looking set decent speakers dont mind paying want keep simple	These are easy peasy. Just plug and play.
positioned vertically without effecting sound matter way set	We do not recommend this as the dispersion pattern of the tweeter will be affected. Also, the Bose logo will be sideways.
see subwoofer pair included	The 201 speakers are left and right speakers. They do not include a subwoofer.
dimensions box	I'm not quite clear about your question but if you're asking about linear dimensions, they are 8"H 13 and 3/4"W and 8 and 5/8"D.
mount infinity tss 750 satellite speaker	Yes
fit jbl n24	Yes, this mount can support your 4.5 pounds jbl n24 speakers, and the standard 1/4"- 20 thread (screw) also fits the speakers mounting sockets
mounts fit satelites energy take classic 51 home theater set	Yes they will.
type connection type speaker wire wraps around connector separate negative positive posts plug	Neither. Old school connections where you depress to open the wire connect and release after the wire is inserted. You can add plugs on your own if you prefer but remember every connection adds the possibility of unwanted noise.
fit bose	Yes, it fits the Bose cubes. And if you have the white ones like I do, they are easily painted to blend in with the speakers.
fit sonos 1	The sonos 1 has an 1/4 inch (6.75mm) integrated, threaded (20 threads per inch) mounting hole. Omnimount 5.0 does not support that thread hole, you need to buy the omnimount 10.0 which comes with 1/4 - 20 threads and supports upto 10 pounds.
fit enery rc micro satelite center speakers	According to the energy website, the rc micro satellite speakers have 1/4"-20 holes. Omnimount 5.0 W/C (5 lb) has a screw that accomodates thread size 4mm or 5mm. The Omnimount 10.0 W/C (10 lb) has the most common speaker thread size of 1/4"-20 (and includes 5mm adapter).
connect ipad 35mm optical input astro a50 mixampdon't tell mixamp aux getting massive rf interference	The ipad does not have an optical out, so this cable will knot work for you. :( sorry!
sound bar optical tv standard 35 audio jack work	nope
cable used connect lg tv optical digital output aseptre 21 sound bar 35mm stereo input	Nope. This is an optical (digital) audio cable. Your sound bar is an analog input.
connect ipod optical port vizio sound bar	iPods do not have optical output.
want connect 21 speaker system35mm audio samsung 40eh5300 tv otical audio product work	No, this transmits digital data while your 2.1 system most likely receives an analog signal.
want connect 21 speaker system35mm audio samsung 40eh5300 tv otical audio product work	Nope
toslink mini problem misunderstanding something	same problem here, I have a Apple TV with Digital Audio Out and a pair of 3.5mm-jack speakers. Can I use this cable for this endeavor?
many rack spaces take looks like 2u picture	2U is correct, although it is a bit (very tiny bit) out of spec, so if you sandwich it between two 1U units (that go edge-to-edge) you might have some issues.
panel support cat6 jacks sidebyside I read reviews elsewhere even c2g cat6 keystone jacks wide fit side side	Yes they will - I used the Shaxon cat6 jacks and they snap in just fine... I think I have 10-12 ports populated so far with no issues.
come cable management mounting hardware	No it does not. What you see is what you get.
work celestron nextstar 130 slt	I don't know, I have the Astromaster 130, but as long as it uses 1.25" eyepieces then you shouldn't have a problem.
sequence placing barrow lens eye piece filters telescope physically combining multiple filters useful nexstar 130	It is always better to keep the filter to the closest point from your eye. In this case, immediately below the eyepiece. Combining multiple filters may be useful to watch bright phases of moon and venus. 
work nexstar 130slt computerized telescope celestron nexstar 5 se telescope thank	I know it'll work with a 5se. I am unsure about the other one, but they're pretty standard lenses and filters.
piece included kit look sun	The answer to that question would be no.this kit only contains a variety of lenses and color filters for the telescope. To be able to look at the sun you will need a solar filter to attach to the telescope. Hope my answer was helpful. Good luck in your search!
work orion 45 eq	Yes it will work. All that is important is the diameter of the eyepieces. They are either 1.25" like with this accessory kit, or 2". Also look at reviews for other kits as quality varies. The eyepieces in this kit are not particularly amazing. Find a friend with other eyepiece brands or designs and see how well they compare. I would suggest buying two really good eyepieces than a bunch of cheap ones.
used zhumell dobsanian telescope	These eyepieces are 1 1/4 inch. And the Zhumell Dobs are designed to take 2-inch eyepieces and filters, but come standard with a 1.25-inch adapter so they should work.
compatabe 4 sej	Have no idea what a 4 SEj is. explain..describe the size?
% moon filter set	Celestron Reports Aperture: 21 mm Transmission: 18%
kit used celestron omni xlt120 120mm please reply	Yes, these are 1.25" eyepieces that fit your telescope well.
compatibel celestron nexstar 4 se telescope	should be as long as they are 1and a1/4
cannot get one work tried connect one port wireless router right port subsequently tried ports help	Try connecting your wireless router to the left-most port on the switch and your other network device (e.g. your PC) on any port of the switch. Your second network device (e.g. PC) should then get the IP assigned by your wireless router. 
switch work home theater example xbox 360 roku set top box	Yes it will work just great. The only thing to be aware of is ('cause we do not read the instructions all of the time) is to make sure you connect the up link (cable coming from your router) to port 5 on the GS108 and things will run very well.
see question answered linking router gs108na getting port expansion netgear hub existing empty ports router still used computers etc also know clueless	yes all can be used exept the 1 that goes to the modem.
version gs108 v1 v2 v3	I just received mind and ended up with v3. Anyone know the difference?
want connect twelve computers together buying two linked together work	Hi Kyle, Short answer, yes. Longer answer: you can purchase one 16-port, and likely save on long-term electrical costs, have less cables and simplify the setup.
plug 5 6 use comes netgear wireless router	All of the ports on this switch are treated the same so it doesn't matter which port comes from your router or which port goes to your other devices, like workstations, etc. Does that answer your question or did you mean which type of wire: Cat 5 or Cat 6?
switch support tv	It's a network device. If your television supports video streaming over a network, you can plug this into your television. Network switches allow you to connect multiple devices to your network.
connect modem 4 ports already occupied trying get 5 wired connections modem 4 ports used tyvm	Since your modem has 4 ports it sounds like it also functions as a router (which is good). You could unplug 2 or more ports on your modem/router, reconnect them to the switch, then connect the switch to a free port on your modem/router.
trying get 3 pcs connected via wire modem att uverse 2 ports modem work achieve	If I understand your question correctly, yes. If you run a cable from the LAN side of the ATT Uverse modem/router to a port on this, you can then connect additional computers to your Uverse connection.
good birdwatching	Well, I am not a birdwatcher, Thelma, but I would think they would be great... lightweight, and the fact that they are instantly and automatically in focus would enable you to catch that glimpse before the bird flies away.
wide angle	No.
good someone wears glasses	I own 2 pair, 8x25 and 10x50, and love both. My son in law, who wears glasses uses mine and is amazed. "How do they do that?" Is what I always hear.
camera come neckstrap carrying case	They are binoculars and yes.
binocs suitable low light environments indoor concerts	Yes....have used at a few concerts and were excellent
best binocular near focus	It would not be these. They will not focus on anything closer than 50 feet. Beyond 50 feet they are excellent.
waterfog proof	no
come case	YES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
would appropriate 6 year old boy	Yes
system wirless	The Acoustimass 6 is not wireless. The speakers are connected via cables to the bass module, and the bass module is wired to a receiver or amplifier.
size binocular	Hi Jocelyn, this is a little hard to answer since all of the surfaces are rounded. I just tried to measure it with a tape measure and with the binoculars completely folded down, it looks like about 3 3/4 x 3 3/4. To be safe you could figure 4" in each direction. If you go to the Bushnell web site, they will have it exactly.
recomended reciver system hooked yamaha reciever cannot get bass fro subwoofer	Here's the one I got for it. Works great and sounds amazing. Onkyo TX-SR604 7.1 Channel A/V Receiver (Black) (Discontinued by Manufacturer) by Onkyo http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000HD7FGM/ref=cm_sw_r_udp_awd_qGeztb0N5VY8Y
35 mm headphone jack input pc	No, it does not. This is a HOME THEATER system designed to connect to a RECEIVER.
else needed get started	A decent amp/av receiver -100 to 150 W per channel (to drive/process the audio from your source/tv to the speakers/acoustimass 6). I am using an old (7 years old) 100 W per channel av receiver.
hi speakers need connected subwoofer directly receiver	Yes, actually to the subwoofer. The sub is serving as the middle man persay. One set of wires connect from the sub to the reciever. Then a set of wires connect from the sub to the speakers.
connect right tv straight box	No, Sadly it does not work in that fashion. The sound is amazing and when paired with the correct receiver, your audio comes to life.
speakers slot back screw could go hold speaker stands	No slot in the back, but they do have a threaded barrel for a screw mount.
onkyo sksht540 71 receiver use set speakers could add 2 make 71 order 2 xtra speakers	No it's all managed through the sub which only has 5 channels. I thought of doing the same thing because my family room is very long. This is only good as a 5 channel unit. If you are trying to get a 7.1 system if recommend klipsch.
compatible onkyo txsr333 receiver appreciate help	Yes, It is. That's the receiver I have been using with these speakers.
listened costco sounds better acoustimass 10 get 6 3 weeks 6 really better one get	The 6 is excellent...so is the 10. I've heard both as well. I think the real magic is happening in the bass module.
u use item fire kindle	Sure can and that is exactly what I bought them for. Audio books and Slacker Radio sound great -- you will love them!!
wondering bad noise leakage minimal would earplug type better looking portable option	If you mean ambient noise leaking in, yes it is a factor, but I raise the volume and the headphones are fine. Listening to news and information radio, I can easily follow the talk even when using a large shop vacuum.
fit phones	Yes, standard jack. Works great with the iPhone! Love the integrated volume control
sound rich bass tinny worth	For the price, it's the best sound I've heard. Good clean bass, good midrange and highs. I bought three sets.
watch tv	Yes if your tv have a plug of 3,5 mm
replace foam cushions successfully anyone successfully replaced foam cushions headset	Yes, I have. You have to be very careful removing/loosening the speaker portion from the headset.
need know work kindle fire	I don't have a Kindle Fire, but the answer is probably yes. All it needs is a 3.5 jack. No setup. Just plug it in.
headset used cell phones	Yes it works on my nexus 5 very well.
work kindle paperwhite	I've used these earphones with my W7 laptop, android phone and android tablet. No setting to deal with. Just plug it in. If your devise has a 3.5mm earphone jack, it should work.
headphones hearing aids anyone suggest similar headphone	On most computer sound systems there is now a software mixer control panel you could use to boost the middle and upper midrange frequencies to accentuate speech.
good battery life	It has about an hour and a half or two of activity. A spare battery has been plenty for me on skate trips
used sd card get video camera onto computer edit	if your computer has a usb port yu can connect from there;
use cassette cd sd	Cassette.
panasonic agdvx100 3ccd professional camcorder ntsc pal	pal'
kind microphone would best	A boom mic is excellent or a Microphone For Sony ECM-NV1 DSR-250P HVR-Z1C PANASONIC AJ-MC700P HMC-173MC JJC. I purchased it last year and it works very well.
microphone included	No its not
must real amatuer side slide disc computer	The "Up" side has writing on it.
cds already formatted	Not sure what you mean by "already formatted" but these are blank media CDs. 
remote control include camera	No
tunes	There was no question in this query, so I don't know how to respond.
need cd record burner comp	i have used 100's of these for burning music on my computer I have found only 2 coasters.( did not burn) I think there the best for my money.
see memorex cdr 52x700mb80min packs marked silver description packs difference	Not sure, didn't even notice that, but they work fine.
wrong maxell cdr 700mb freeze computer copy nothing	That is the same problem I had. I was getting about a 15% failure rate with them. If it's not the Memorex discs, hard question to give a definitive answer to.
recommend photos	I have had no problems at all using this brand of CDs for photos that I want to give to a relative; but frankly it is a huge waste of office space to store photos on CDs.
best cd use load pictures	I don't know but it will work but a DVD would be better because of higher capacity
photo tray print paper	Thanks for asking.. but I already trashed the Kodak printer and bought a Laser printer. Best move ever!!!
printhead jam one 6150 fix	There was no fix and no one at Kodak could help me
machine says paper jam paper machine	did you try to add paper? and or restart
printer work samsung cellular phone	I dont know if it will work from a samsung cellular phone, but I would never buy one again. I suggest you look at another model.
size prints print	You can set the font size and paper size to fit your printing needs
print black white color ink	Won't do it. You have to replace the color ink and then it will work till the black runs out. Then replace the black etc. 
warranty	yes, there is a warranty. i believe it was one year, but i got rid of mine before that was up. this was a nice printer, but it used far too much ink for me.
ink printing printhead	I had a similar problem with my Kodak ESP 6150. My printer was still printing, but the print quality was very poor.
back 58mm lens canon makes right	All end caps for Canon lenses for EOS and EF are standard.
hi canon ef 28135 mm f3556 usm lens fit	I think so. It should work with all Canon EF lenses.
work ef 50mm f25 mark ii 5d	I'm assuming it works on any lens that mounts on a 5D.
fit canon 35mm 20x lens comes canon xl2	I don't think so. According to the Canon website the lens has an XL mount. The rear lens cap is for EF mount lenses.
rear end cap one size fits lenses might buying used canon 85ef 18 lens caps	A rear lens cap should fit the mount side of any lens sharing the specific camera's mount. If they mount on the camera body their mounting specs should be identical.
connect mouse keyboard time	Yes.
10 year old microsoft egonomic keyboard round connection point orange work	It should work, plug the orange into the green. Mike
need adapter connect old keyboard purple mouse use newer one still work fine	Yes it will. I had a USB mouse and only needed the port for the Keyboard and it worked perfectly.
got new dell one desktop windows 81 miss old mouse something fierce work type computer	I think it will. The adapter cord goes from the USB connector and branches into an old style keyboard connector (my use) and an old style mouse connector, so it should work.
want hook older ps2 computer newer usb computer together kvm switch cable help	I don't know about that but the one I ordered didn't work at all. I pitched it in the trash.
work 20 usb port	Cant say for all devices however on our machine's 2.0 interface it did the trick.
work 20 usb port	It never worked. Don't buy this.
work dell ps2 port	the concept will work, however, the sanoxy cable did not work. i returned it for the belkin which worked fine. just make sure your computer has drivers for the usb port.
tired plain adapter already work able use old kinesis classic ps2 plug	It should work fine with any PS/2 keyboard.
canon rf3 body cap fit canon t4i	It's my understanding that the Canon RF-3 body cap will fit any Canon DSLR camera. It fits both my EOS 5D Mark III and my Canon T2i. I'm sure it will fit the T4i as well.
fit canon 550d canon 70d	I do not have experience with these models. However, if it is a Canon EOS it will fit.
cap work t3i rebel body	Yep. Every Canon Eos :)
dose fit canon dslr body	Yes
fit c100	I LOST MY CAP AND ORDER A C 100 AND WORK
fit dated eos rebel xt 350d	it should if the lens fits it will
canon rebel eos camera need 58mm lens cap 58mm lense cap	This fits the body of the camera. It protects the camera body from dust etc when one doesn't have a lens of the camera.
fit canon eos 7d	Yes
canon rebel xsi cap work system	I think it is a universal size to fit all Canon camera bodies.
canon rf 3 body cap fit canon 1 camera	No it does not it will only fit a EOS CAMERA if you are referring to the camera that I think your referring to which is a Canon A-1 Film Camera then no it will not fit. :-)
adjustible volume control	The headphones themselves do not have adjustable volume controls. However, volume can be adjusted from whatever device the headphones are plugged into.
says good recording microphone come pic something else	Yes, these headphones are good for recording, but no it does not have any microphone with it.
use headphones plugged fx box play strat really loud levels handle bass tones stupid high volumes	That all depends on what you call "stupid high volumes".
used airplanes	To be honest, these are big and bulky, with a very long cord. As much as I love them, they're probably not the best for an airplane.
get good sound using headphones classic ipod itunes laptop	Marie, You should get excellent sound thru the ipod. I continually listen thru mine. I can't answer pertaining to your laptop. A great feature of these headphones is they are so comfortable you don't realize you are wearing them. Hope this helps you choose.
detachable cable replace cable breaks	Unfortunately they do not, but it's a thick wire and doesn't look like it's going to break easily. So far so good for me!
also would rate bass	On a scale of. 1-10, I'd give them an 8. They are solid headphones.
work transcribing audio cds listening meetings recorded conversation	I use mine for all manner of audio editing. Voice, music, everything.
I old sometimes trouble understanding dialogue tv would help	I'm going to say that depends. They do have a nice sound quality, but regional accents, actors mumbling, poor audio quality of the TV show and a multitude of other factors can effect whether you understand dialog or not.
difference size compared 201'sdimension given 201	My 301s measure 14 1/2" wide x 9 1/2" tall x 9 #/4"" deep.
lens good close shots people	This lens on a full frame will distort the face a little bit. If you want a good "close shots of people" lens. I would suggest an 85mm. Also known as "the best "portrait lens.
fit t5i	Yes it does. I own one.
canon ef 50mm f18 ii camera lens major uses good lens things	At one time, a 50mm lens like this was pretty much a standard kit lens included with brand new cameras. Yes, this versatile lens is good for these things (though maybe not close-ups) but it takes a little practice to get the most out it. 
difference canon 2514a002 vs 2514a011aa	The 2514A002 is the retail boxed model of the Canon EF 50mm 1/1.8 II for the US and Canadian market. The 2514a011aa is for the Asian market, but is often sold here in the Americas as a "grey market" part.
someone please tell difference canon 50mm f14 f18 I beginner thanks	The "f" setting determines the aperture or the opening of the shutter to allow light to enter the camera. The larger the number the less light that the lens lets in. f/1.4 lets in more light than f/1.8.
50mm f18 work well shooting video mostly stills capture good video	1. You shouldn't be using AF at all when shooting video. 2. That's not digital zoom, it's a mode where the camera uses a smaller portion of the sensor. Smaller sensor = more crop.
lens helpful newborn photography portrait photography	It is fantastic for newborn photography as you are able to focus on a smaller subject. It also works great for portrait photography it just takes a little bit of getting used to moving back and forth to get the right composition because it does not zoom.
greetings guys shooting first wedding december nervous wanted ask would lens great capturing group pics	I've only used this a couple of times but I would say no. This is more for portraits and it makes one object the main focus.
suitable canon 7d dslr 18135 mm lense suitable canon 7d dslr 18135 mm lense	I use this case for my Canon 7D with 28-135mm lens, I believe the Canon 7D with a 18-135mm lens would fit also.
much different kit lens much better lens kit lens	This lens is entirely different from the kit lens. And we don't know what kit lens you are talking about. Of the 40D? of the XT? I got the XT and the 40D.
suitable t3i 75300mm lens	Hi. First sorry for my poor english. The case is perfect for use with all types of lenses and zoom. Previously buying my new lens, use the case with a 75 300, the fit is perfect.
space t3i battery grip attached	I can say the case has adequate room. My DSLR with 300mm lens fits. I strongly suspect the T3i will fit also. The question is how much extra room your battery grip takes. 
case hold cannon 60d efs 18200mm lens	Yes. This exactly the same lens I have for my Canon 60D. There is little room for anything else inside the case, except for the camera neck strap folded on top. 
would canon 6d 24105 lens fit case	I can't say for sure because I don't know the size of a Canon 6D, but there's a little extra room in mine with a 55-250 lens.
case clip actual belt need use strap provided belt comfortable wear hiking etc	There are two straps on this case. One that you would put around your waist and is concealed in the back when not in use. 
eos20d	Yes without a problem.
strapped belt without using shoulder strap	the case comes with a very good belt that can be used as a shoulder or waist. the belt can be tucked away, out of site. so you can carry from top handle..great case very good value. also the belt
fully discharge nimh aa batteries pen ligth equally discharged recharge dps 3000	You can use this item for any rechargeable AA or AAA batteries that needs recharging, whether there are fully discharged or otherwise. Does it quickly as well.
fit rebel xt camera 18mm 55mm lens	I have a 75-300mm lens and it just fit. I'm a bicyle rider so this bag works great for me... as long as you only want one lens.. No room for more. I love it!
charge three batteries	No Joan, it can only charge 4 or 2 batteries at a time. I tried three and the "green light" never flash to indicate that it was charging; plus there is no 3 battery selection at the top - just 2 and 4 batteries.
whats range input voltages accptes&xff1f	From the back of the charger. Input AC 100-240V 50-60 Hz 9W or DC 12V 500 mAh
batteries work magic flight vaper	I have no idea what your question is asking. However, the charger does not work and the batteries, when charged with a different charger don't work for very long.
magic flight	the charger worked perfectly for me the first time, it charged four AA batteries faster than the directions said it would, hope this answers your question,
maximum weight tripod hold I wondering use 5 lbs scope	This tripod is poorly made and breaks easily. I wouldnt trust it with your scope.
space carry extra lens case camera 1855mm 55250mm	Unfortunately, no. It's just big enough for the camera and one lens. I was able to fit the body with a zoom lens, though.
weight tripod	The weight is actually 0.6kg, but it can bear less than that before the plastic on the legs break. Avoid.
tripod used camcorders	If your camcorder is over a pound (1lbs) then absolutely NO! The plastic handles that lock the legs extended will explode and break, do not risk your camera on this thing.
weight capacity many lbs hold	Far less than 1 lbs actually, any camera over 1 lbs WILL cause the plastic on the leg locks to break. The specified bearing weight is clearly a lie, don't fall for it. This tripod can not hold a heavy object, much less its own weight.
canon vixia hf r3 fit cam corder	It will NOT support the weight though, I already tried it with that camera and the plastic leg locks broke. Don't risk your camera on this cheap tripod.
legs slide open freely unlocked need pulled unlocked problems sunpak tripods thanks	They side out freely, but you can never lock them because they employ the same faulty plastic locking handles that break after a month. It's no different than the other models, it's dangerous and a waste of money.
tripod fit sony a37	NO! It will not bear the weight of that. The plastic leg locks will break and collapse, already tried it, don't risk an expensive camera on a cheap one-use tripod like this.
anybody know difference tripod sunpak 620080	There is not much difference between the two but a mere $8.00. In both, the head swivels and there are levelers that will make your settings straight (up/down/sideways/etc). The only difference I can guess is the material's thickness.
module use product work flash trigger pocket wizard	Radio Popper makes a module that fits this meter.
include radiotriggeringsender receiver	No - its a separate add on component that only works with flash sync for metering
product compatible flash triggers pocket wizard	wirelessly?No It is not.
got flash trigger light meter came radio transmiter module	No
model tripod initial listing different number description	Ours is the Sunpak 620. Thanks!
us version european	this is a u.s.a. version--works easily--has so many benefits--enjoy
include belt case lanyard battery original box	yes it dose.
type sync cable work best tether l358 nikon d7100r1 wireless speedlight setup	Standard Sync cord for strobes.
meter include pocketwizard module	no it dose not, i just dont use pocketwizard for my setup so there is no reason for me to spend the extra money on module.
compatible canon _eos 7d camera	It doesn't matter what camera you use. It meters the light that's hitting your subject and gives you a more accurate exposure than the reflective meter inside your camera.
light meter show flash percent	Flash to ambient, yes.
strap comfortable neck strap	Absolutely! This strap is the most comfortable camera strap that I have found yet!
strap configured like standard oem neck strap camera chest well slinglike configuration	Yes it can, however the width of the pad will cover the back of your neck almost completely.
fit nikon d3200	Yes. The loops are designed to fit all standard cameras with straps
purchase extra long strap cannot find specific item number web site	Order a pair of "Extensions" from OpTech. That will add up to 10 inches to the hanging length of this strap.
go ears like buds sit ear opening hate earbuds hurt ears like hook style headphone hoping work	They go in the ear, but it's not the same as bud. 
compatible ipod shuffle fourth generation	These plug in to my mp3, my I phone 4 and my I phone 5C, my lap top, my desk top and my wife's iPod 3rd gen. Pretty confident they will work.
use current sports headphones work garden also use listening small tv sony work two uses	Hi, this Sony MDR-J10 uses the standard stereo mini plug (3.5 mm). If your TV and your other devices supports 3.5 mm jack, then it will work.-Ely
connectivity mm	Stereo Sound 3.5 MM
impedance hz range	Hi Eadie, Impedance is 16 ohms and Frequency Response is 20Hz - 20,000Hz. Thanks. &gt;Joffrey
use talk phone well	No, you can only listen to music
come microfone	No
anyone know work great weeks one goes mute	Well I have been using these since they first came out years ago. I get about 6 months at least and then usually a wire gets broken. Quality in this regard is not good but sound wise and fit makes me keep buying them. I watch for deals and buy a couple at a time.
button cord change songsadjust volume	No
work d3200	Yes, it is compatible with the D3200! Here is a link to the cameras that it is compatible with: http://www.nikonusa.com/en/Nikon-Products/Product/Remote-Cords/4730/ML-L3-Wireless-Remote-Control-%28Infrared%29.html#tab-ProductDetail-ProductTabs-CompatibleWith
wear eyeglasses	I do wear my sunglasses with them. Sometimes it takes a f minute or so to adjust but then it is fine.
nikon mll3 work nikon d7100	Confirmed, I have the D7100 and ML-L3 and they work together. You can configure the remote to do 2s delay, immediate shot, Mirror Up, or turn it off, which appears to be the default.
come batteries	Yes it does. And they have lasted over a year!
work d800	If you check on the Nikon website, the D-800 camera is not listed as one of the compatible cameras with the ML-L3.
d5200	If you are asking does it work with the D5200, then the answer is yes. Hope this helps.
nikon d3100 remote work nikon d3100	No, it does not. I received this remote as a Christmas gift to use with my D3100 and now must return the remote.
work coolpix p600	No it doesn't.
compatible d5100	Thanks for answering! I'll get one for my d5100.
compatible d300	Nope! See http://www.nikonusa.com/Nikon-Products/Product/Remote-Cords/4730/ML-L3-Wireless-Remote-Control-%28Infrared%29.html#tab-ProductDetail-ProductTabs-CompatibleWith
nikon knock	Hi Denis, according to https://nikoneurope-en.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/49662/~/beware-of-counterfeit-accessories-for-nikon-digital-cameras#ML-L3, the Nikon ML-L3 Wireless Remote Control that I have received appears to be an authentic Nikon accessory.
work canon t2i	Yes, it works great with my T2i
remote control zoom recording	No it doesn't !
work canon sx20is	I use it on an XSi DSLR .. the help desk at B&H or KEH should know the answer.
rs60e3 operate video function	Donald - the camera I have does not do video so I can not answer the question.
ups keyholes back mouning desk wall	Yes, there are two mounting holes. Keep in mind that UPS is disposable; you cannot buy and replace battery.
country unit made	China
cpap battery uses 100240v 5060hz 90w 10 15a long run	Taken From the website, Half load runtime (minutes) 11.3 minutes (90w) Of course, if you need your Cpap for life saving reasons, you might want to spend more money than $44 AND do regular maintenance and testing on the Ups.
fit skullcandy hesh hesh 2 headphones	They are very small. Opening that fits over the headphone is 1" or less.
built audible alarm easily disabled	Yes, it can! I bought one of these and found the instructions in one of the reviews does work. Reposted here for your convenience... "Use the included strange USB thing to hook it up to your computer, then use the free PowerAlert software from Tripp Lite's website.
fit plantronics ct12	ear pieces are sized in diameter not just model of one company
diameter us measurement	I removed the hard plastic part (I didn't need it) and it fits snug on my Plantronics CS55. the mount for the ear piece is 1.5 inches in diameter. I guess the plastic part is for a different headset.
anyone tell fit logitech model pn a0205c usb headset oval ear pieces headset originally leatherette ear cups	I did not use the one I ordered as it was very small, like a big walnut. I wanted a 4in OD one.
outer diameter I looking 212 inch outer diameter 125 inner diameter	the ones I purchased were smaller - more like 1.5 outer and .75 inner - sorry
come rubber band locks ear cushion place device carry know get	there is no need for a rubber band. the plastic molds itself around the device and fits very well. it is very comfortable
ear pads fot motorola ht 820 pleaes	I'm sorry, I'm unable to answer your question, as I've never used the HT820.
sony monitor hadphones mdrzx300ip black headphone fit	I do not know. I thought the headphones were a waste of money.
work motorola ht820	Sorry, not sure but I do not think so. The eat cushion is about 1 1/2" total in diameter. (See ear cushion replacement for Supra headset)... I got it to replace the ear cushion on my Plantronics CS55 (which it did with a bit of modification) The picture does not show it very well but the cushion has a rubber ring on the back.. About 1" in diameter and about 1/4" deep. 
hi fit sony drbt101	Unfortunately, I'm unable to answer, as it was purchased to replace the ear cushion on a Plantronics headset.
fit skullcandy hesh hesh 2 headphones	They are very small. Opening that fits over the headphone is 1" or less.
weight much bag weigh empty	2.2 lbs
anyone tell fit logitech model pn a0205c usb headset oval ear pieces headset originally leatherette ear cups	I did not use the one I ordered as it was very small, like a big walnut. I wanted a 4in OD one.
diameter us measurement	I removed the hard plastic part (I didn't need it) and it fits snug on my Plantronics CS55. the mount for the ear piece is 1.5 inches in diameter. I guess the plastic part is for a different headset.
come rubber band locks ear cushion place device carry know get	there is no need for a rubber band. the plastic molds itself around the device and fits very well. it is very comfortable
outer diameter I looking 212 inch outer diameter 125 inner diameter	the ones I purchased were smaller - more like 1.5 outer and .75 inner - sorry
work dvx video camera	No it won't be able to bear the weight, the plastic on the leg extension locks will break under the weight. Already tried that and that is what happened to me.
fit plantronics ct12	ear pieces are sized in diameter not just model of one company
hi fit sony drbt101	Unfortunately, I'm unable to answer, as it was purchased to replace the ear cushion on a Plantronics headset.
looking something internet capable confirm wifi capable	Right.it is not internet capable.
many lines text see dana kind memory card need difficult transfer text computer	It's quite a good writing tool...stores a lot of data. One can use a sim card for memory although some is built in. An 8 g sim card can keep volumes. A usb cable came with the computer so transferring data is easy.
wifi capable version	No
linked mac download	Yes. You just use a cable and it dumps text from the Alphasmart into an open Word file.
work motorola ht820	Sorry, not sure but I do not think so. The eat cushion is about 1 1/2" total in diameter.
run batteries	Yes it runs on AA batteries...3 of them
sony monitor hadphones mdrzx300ip black headphone fit	I do not know. I thought the headphones were a waste of money.
ear pads fot motorola ht 820 pleaes	I'm sorry, I'm unable to answer your question, as I've never used the HT820.
product wifi capable	No
safely transfer work macbook pro machine old would transferrable much older computer	I have used it with linux mint and windows 7... On an Acer. I believe the cable connection works with any usb port to a pc and probably apples too.
interested buying dana need know keyboard german way typing	It has an American QWERTY keyboard.
work hd	Yes
attach printer via usb cable dana print directly dana	I just checked the manual which I downloaded onto a CD-ROM and apparently you can print from AlphaWord, the resident word processing program, using the Dana's USB port. 
work canon mczr60	I use for my professional recording , this is the best for me. Low drop-out after ten times erasing. Perfect for use.
work jvc digital mini camcorder grd370u	The GR-D370U is a MiniDV camcorder. Yes, these tapes will work.
hi case taken apart need know held together screws held together glue	Looks like screws. I have never taken one apart, but it looks like tiny screws hold it together. I hope that helps. 
cassette's work canon xl1	Yes. These are standard MiniDV tapes. They'll work fine.
use tapes jvc grda30u	I'm sorry, I don't know. These are the tapes I use in my camcorder.
use sony digital handycam dcrpc101 make order item tomorrow 4222013 around receive need later 5202013	Yes, this Panasonic Mini DV tape may be used to record on in a Sony DCR PC101 camera. I think it would arrive before May 20 if you order on April 22.
use sony digital handycam dcrpc101 make order item tomorrow 4222013 around receive need later 5202013	according to the manufacturer's description, the answer is yes, it uses the media dv60. in regard to receipt,if you order today, you will receive this item much before your deadline of by thank you
lense compatible 10d	Yes.
minidv tapes dvc tapes description says minidv picture shows dvc difference	They are miniDV tapes. DVC (I assume) means Digital Video Cassette, some of which are "mini" and some are bigger than mini. These, however are miniDV.
lens compatible 70d	Yes and the range is more like 160-540 this is an awesome lens
box	You get the lens,hood, lens front and back cap, cd, mannual, case and the strap for the case along with tripod ring
70300mm focal length good enough zoom birds wildlife	I agree with "sammy". Even if you get close enough to your target, whether through the use of a blind or other means, the lens quality from the 70-300 to the EF series lenses is considerable. Lens quality aside, the ability to "get close" without "being close" is one of the keys to great wildlife photography. 
someone actually use take moon's pictures performs tried extender 14 20 comments	Yes I did. I believe my shots are in the customer photos. I did not use an extender, just maxed out at 400mm though I didn't calibrate the sweet spot for the aperture for maximum clarity.
canon 100400 lens cheaper 70200 lens thought stronger lens would expensive	Hi this canon 100-400 is f4.5-5.6 while the 70-200 is f2.8. These two lenses are totally different.
considering telephoto t2i t2i passionate telephoto around 100500 mm tell t2i suitable high level telephoto lenses otherwise tell wich limit consider t2i	The t2i is an excellent camera that is capable of using ANY lens that Canon makes. I use one with an EF100-400L, EF300 f/4L, etc with great success. 
good sport photography	I don't use it for that but I see professional photographers using it when I watch events on TV. As the other commenter, waverider, stated, the lens struggles as light diminishes. That's why the majority of sports photographers use fix focal length lenses because they have fewer glass elements allowing for more light. 
canon ef 100400mm f4556l usm ef 400 mm f 56l usm need opinion	One locks you in at 400mm. If you are only going to shoot birds or football, that's your lens. If you want to shoot something closer that a faraway bird, get the zoom. My 100-400 is a VERY SHARP lens. I am not familiar with the 400.
lens compatible canon rebel t1i	Yes; I have both and use them frequently.
lens good wideangle landscape shots portraits	It is a more versatile wide lens. It isn't super wide, just really wide. There is no fish-eye effect. It is far too wide for most portraits. 
work 1 mark iv	Yes! I have the 1D Mk 4 and it works just fine
decent lens shooting northern lights anyone recommend reasonable priced wide angle lens job	I used this mainly for street photography. I used it with a 60d. I like it because it's a very fast lens.
fisheye type distortion lens	No, this is a highly corrected lens with minimal distortion.
plan dictate first draft novels since pc hurts eyes would using editing bad idea	It's not such a bad idea, but finding the right software to transfer your work can be irritating, that is if if you're not using an SD card.
realtor needs camera advice take pics houses interiors day longi know little photography willing learni need good camera great wide angle lenswhat would suggest	Jessica, I'm going to guess you've long since bought a camera and lens, but if not, may I suggest a: Canon Digital Rebel XSi 12.2 MP Digital SLR Camera with EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Lens (Black) and a Tokina 11-16MM F/2.8 ATX 116 Lens for Canon EOS AF Digital - Tokina ATX116PRODXC check Adorama.com for a better price on the Tokina lens, they show it back ordered, but, shipped mine within a week.
canon eos rebel 300d camera looking good wideangle lens take landscape shots especially also portrait shots artist use camera reference photos yet able take class	I have a Canon EOS Rebel 550D so I have a very similar sized/cropped sensor (1.6). I haven't used this lens as I bought it for my father in-law on his 6D, but I do have a 28mm f1.8 and a 50mm f1.8. The 20mm lens on a cropped sensor will give you a field of view equivalent to a 32mm lens, which could be still a little wide for portraits, but OK for Landscapes.
full manual work automatic	Works well in both manual and auto modes
canon 60d canon ef 20mm f28 usm lens however unable use autofocus mode focus manual	Make sure the lens itself is set to AF...
portrait bokeh would like know best lens bokeh wich one best	Any lens that is f/2.8 or faster should give you great bokeh. At f/1.8 on this lens, the background disappears to nice colors. For insane background blur and very shallow depth of field, try the 85/1.2. That will render the background a single color usually. 
work digital slr canon eos 1ds mark ii	Yes
many reviews someone semi pro tell focal distance worth purchase already canon 50mm f 14 7d full frame 5d use 50mm looking gain better bokeh mainly thoughts	This is a wonderful lens and would be a amazing addition to your bag. Takes great shots and adds fantastic bokeh to your pics.
work canon d600	It will work with any Canon DSLR body
rebel t3i 2 lenses thinking trading shoot indooroutdoor soccer &amp portraits efs 1855 &amp 55250 upgrade	For sports, the Canon 7D will be a better choice than the Rebel. It has faster autofocus and a faster frame rate. It's low light (i.e., high ISO) qualities are not ideal - I find images shot above ISO 800 to have too much noise to be marketable.
come international warranty singapore	US and Canada only Does not cover other countries
work canon eos 60d	It worked on my T3i and now on my 6D, so I would assume so.
85mm ef f18 usm lens fit canon t3i camera ef 24 85 f3545 fit canon reble t3i	Yes and yes . EF canon lenses fit on both full frame and crop sensors .
green numbers top mean slider	Measurement in feet. You will not go wrong if you purchase this lens. I love it! The clarity is excellent. It takes a while to get the focus exact, but once you work with the lens you will not know how you did not buy this sooner.
would versatile 50mm 18 rebel t3i worried 50 zoomed sorry amateur suggestions advice	The 50mm is actually more "zoomed out," and is therefore probably more functional for indoor family stuff. The 85 is awesome but isn't going to give you anything other than close-ups if you are standing inside of 15-20 feet from the subject.
canon rebel eos t3 lens fit camera	Yes. It will fit any Canon camera with an EOS mount.
batteries offered 2650 2400 mah	2400
batteries produced nimh go bad 34 years	Nope
batteries made china	the batteries say made in Japan and the charger from duracell is made in china
specifically product specific mah duralock precharged info show exact product	The Duracell Rechargeable NiMH Batteries have a 2,650 mAh and are Duralock. 
work wii remote wii charger	Yes
batteries duralock technology	Some are and some aren't. If it doesn't say it on the batteries then it's not Duralock. The first 4-pack I bought was Duralock and the second 4-pack wasn't. I suggest you contact the seller and specify exactly what you want before you buy it!
batteries thicker regular alkaline batteries thanks	No they are not. If they were thicker then they would not be able to seat correctly. I have never found any problem fitting in the many places I have put them.
batteries charged get precharged	Yes, and they worked great, lasted over 8 hours then I recharged them.
hello canon eos rebel t3 11d wanted know lens work camera	yes , with no problems, on the main Amazon page for this lens you will see a link one says reviews the other says questions , click on the one about questions this will take you to just about 80 different questions about this lens.
batteries 15 volts 12 volts	They are 1.2 volts.
rhis work chromebook	Yes, I can verify it does indeed work with Chromebooks. I ordered several for my staff and they work across various models, including Acer and Lenovo.
recharge	Probably a standard NIMH recharger. You can buy them for $5 and up -- I have a $40 one. The more expensive ones make your batteries last longer.
know supported raspberry pi	This works flawlessly on Raspberry Pi. I purchased mine for this very purpose to interface with an old Serial X10 power line interface.
would work connect usb printer lan print computer connected lan	Short answer: No. Long answer: You need some sort of print server to connect a non-networked printer to a LAN, be it another computer using printer sharing, a specialized device meant for the purpose, or a low-power hobby device that requires a bit of technical know-how such as a Pi, and the latter two options are not guaranteed to work with all printers. 
would work tablets [with wifi external rj45 ethernet port ]	Good question. I don't use tablets, so I can't tell you from any personal experience. For what it's worth, however, this Sabrent USB 2.0 Fast Ethernet adapter seems to work with "specific Android tablets". Good luck!
come driver	Yes
wii u	I can confirm. It does work natively with Wii U.
would work macbook air come cd external disk drive	Comes with a CD but every google search will tell you the drivers are out of date for the current OS. My computer would not even recognize the adapter. Tried it on an iMac and Macbook.
able use rj45 connect cisco routersswitches cisco catalyst 3560 series poe24 via console port	Hi there Wirtz, I bought the TRENDnet here at Amazon and I am really satisfied. I got it connected to a D-Link router, a Cisco switch and TP-Link. I think that you will be fine using this. I use on a MacBook Air, 13", Mavericks.
hook hard drive movies router movies stream network kinda like turning nas	No, absolutely not
label side black media side black	Both sides are black. The label is mostly black with a bit of space for green label area for writing. They could have changed the label color, as it has been awhile, but I have bought several stacks of this product.
plain white label	no it is totally black in color
record stand alone home audio recorders	That's a good question. I've never tried using these cdrs in a stand alone recorder. I always use them with my computer. One thing about these black cdrs though is that they are the most durable i've ever used. 
work wtivo series 2	Hi Stepeh. This adapter is plug And Play for Windows and Linux Operating Systems. Tivo Series 2 not recognize this device.
unit work 51 dolby digital audio output tried devices work	Don't know. I just use it with my old wireless speakers because the new smart tv didn't have the right kind of output (old headphone jack). It works with them.
support 24192 using usb input	The C2G/ Cable did what it is suppose to do. But what I wanted it to. It very good while in use and what it was made for. I would give it 4 stars out of 5.
work compaq armada 7790dmt running windows 98 second edition	You'll have to go to Cisco and look for a software patch that will work with Windows 98
work old ibm thinkpad 380d running windows 2000pro pcmcia slot	it should, i've installed it on many old pc's and never had a problem. didn't hava a thinkpad though,
chipset use	After some searching it looks like it uses a Broadcom chipset which is kind of odd considering most Linksys stuff is Atheros. I am not sure the exact chipset model though it took me long enough to find out it is Broadcom. Hope this helps.
installation disk instructions come	Mine did not come with an installation CD. But since I was using Windows XP the drivers were automatically installed.
anyone got work linux	Someone said on a forum that: "Just re-installed xubuntu and let the installation load the broadcom b43 driver. "
work using usb input windows 81 computer output analog stereo	I plugged into the usb input of my windows 8 laptop and it automatically installed the drivers (plug and plan). I have not tried the RCA analog outputs since I am connecting a headphone. 
work vista32	I think it will. I installed this on my sister's laptop that had Vista
work dell inspiron 1000 laptop	I have mine attached to a Dell Latitude 600 and it works fine -- PCMCIA Port
work dell 22 ghz core 2 duo	It depends on the Operating System and if your tower has a PCI slot. It works with the following Operating Systems: *Windows 98SE, Millennium, 2000, and XP
older sony vaio laptop running xp pro card configured provide wpa2 security home network netgear r7000 router	Yes it should. i had an sony vaio vgn-a130 and it worked with wpa2 my windows xp pro and all the latest service packed installed.
possible connect nowrt54g router true	It works fine with other routers. I have it connected to my D-Link DGL-4300 with no issues.
differents modem access point	A modem connects your computer, via a wire (ergo, "wired" connectivity) to the physical line that was provided to you by your telephone company or ISP in order to reach the internet. You need a router to connect more than one computer to the internet through the modem.
work dell 430 notebook	Yes it will
need know simultaneous maximum number supported devices access point	I think the Cisco / Linksys answer is it is supposed to support 32 wireless clients. That is theoretical, in a lab like car MPG in advertising. 
tapes work jvc grd350u	They are good for mini dv camcorders. Im using in Panasonic mini dv camera. I like it. Quality is good. Its very small tapes to fit in compact movie camera. If your camera says' mini dv camera' on it.
reliable distance expected extender	I've used this AP in two different setups. An open warehouse and in my apartment. In the warehouse I could connect reliably at 40 yards. 
version	3.1 it can be read on tag that lists model number
use without connecting internet could one laptop online go laptop via wireless	It is possible. You connect each laptop to the wireless (or to the wired interface on the router). Then you have to set up internet connection sharing on the one with the dialup. 
linksys vs belkin suggestions	I too have used Linksys products and am very happy with the preformance. In my opinion Belkin is a low quality product. If you want to save some $$ try using a D-link or NetGear product. 
password protect	Open up web browser while connected to the internet through router. Type in the address bar; 192.168.1.1 It will give you basic information about router. 
work mac anyone used mac computer easy set	the product works fine with a mac....instead of using the set up cd (which is XP/Vista based only) go to the web based setup of linksys (192.168.1.1). essentially you will connect the modem to the router (to the internet ethernet slot), then connect your mac to one of the port slots -- there's four of them -- (this is an ethernet to ethernet connection with the supplied cable), open up safari (or whatever browser you are using) and type in the setup address (192...), you will need to insert the password/login (admin for both).... and viola you're able to setup it up on a mac.
hackable version know routers hacked become routers correct version	Nope. This is the castrated version that is not hackable. Do yourself a favor and get the WRT54GL. 
router ps3 want connect ps3 internet wondering anyone done router	Guys, This router will work fine with your ps3. Once configured (it comes with easy to follow instructions on how to set it up) Your playstation will automatically pick up its wireless signal.
increasing range wifi router	DDWRT is a linux router firmware that supports most routers. Whats awesome about it is that it will make ANY router supported by it as a relay station for another router.
current version anyone ordered router recently amazon tell got current hardware version	I recieved mine on 12/29/2007 and after contacting linksys to aid in the install they advised me that it was version 8. 
work vista anyone exerience using computer windows vista	I bought my WRT54G router back in October. Hooked it up to a desktop running on Windows XP and a laptop running wireless with Windows Vista. 
ok works wii ps3 xbox 360 good router purpose well	Works fine for me, though you have to watch for the dreaded "moderate NAT" message on the XBL network test and fiddle your settings if you get that.
good fm reception	Mom says FM comes in great, but she mostly listens to AM and can receive an AM station from 700 miles away!
radio work 200 volts	No, only 110.
dc capable	it's in the item description : AC/DC Operation (110V AC power cord included
dimensions	2" thick; 4-3/4" tall (doesn't include the fold down handle); 8" wide (if you want to count the knob on the side- add another inch and make that 9" wide. Hope this helps.
operation 220240 volt 50hz	No
operated batteryies well	Yes, it works on batteries, four AA's. One thing I like about this radio is that the aux power cord is removable, no need to tuck into the case.
radio cigarette lighter adaptor	No it does not
radio earphone jack	Yes, but I have never used it.
work rechargeable batteries	It uses rechargeable batteries. The ones made by Panasonic are recommended. It uses 4 AA batteries.
anyone know would work delivery vehicle	It works great in office. It also can be used with batteries.
version amazon currently selling version amazon currently selling	You may bet that this is a 5.x or later version which runs that slimmed down Vxworks firmware. 
length rails adjustable	The rails are adjustable. Minimum length is 21". Maximum safe length is probably about 36". Mine are mounted in a rack with a 29" depth (a fairly standard depth for 4-post racks).
thread pitches bolts secure shelf	You may use whatever bolts fit your rack. Coarse threaded bolts for a standard 19" rack are provided.
length shelf 2u server rails thinking might work	I have it installed in a 29"D rack.
length shelf 2	Hi, I have an APC Smart-UPS XL 3000VA (SUA3000XL) installed on these rails. The APC unit is deeper than the shelf as I can't see the shelf from the rear. The APC unit is 19.5" deep (495mm). Hope this helps!
problem headsets breathing feel like stalker I listening breathing hear itis	I'm not sure how that is with this headset. But I know what you're talking about - because I hear folks doing that on conference calls sometimes.
panasonic kxtca60 handsfree headset compatible iphone 4s	My pleasure.
cable handling noise use move grab handle cable audible headset rustling noise thx	I haven't noticed any.
foam ear pad leatherette covered	yes it is,but the other side is just lightly foam
long warranty	90 days, according to the small print on the packaging, but essentially no warranty at all since you have to pay the postage and pay for the packaging to get it back to the maker safely.
headset plug one remotes base station	It plugs into the all remotes, but not the actual base station.
work basic samsung flip phone	Yes i beleive it would however the plastic on these ar very fragile and mine were broken upon receipt. I would not reccomend these to anyone.
compatible panasonic kxtge233b cannot find hole phone could connect jacks	If your phone does not have a phone jack you will not be able to use it.
bought nana says cannot hear person speaking need hear headset plugged phone	She may need to turn up the volume on her phone, which then runs through the headset. Also make sure the jack is well plugged into the phone - if this works loose, it will break the signal.
tried dect 60 panasonic system seems like phones dect 60 work dect 60 compatibility list wphones	I bought and used with Uniden cordless phone worked fine, try another phone on same system, if doesn't work most likely Bad headset send it back, if it works but not in the first phone hand set you tried Bad handset sned that back. 
long single cable plugoutlet splits	While plugged in - 6.5 inches to center of Y. Each branch 7.5 inches from center of Y to plug end.
use outdoor	It is heavier duty than most indoor cables. But I don't think it is technically outdoor grade.
power strip surge protector	Yes, just a power strip/divider.
limited clearance outlet long plug goes wall reaches flexible bendable portion cord	From the wall to the end of the hard plastic portion is about 1.5 inches. You need about 3 inches to give the cord enough room to bend out from the wall though. If you go any smaller than that, you may crimp the cord. 
product used outdoors	Would not recommend outdoor use.
ul approved	Mine had no stickers to that claim. So, cant say for sure.
work lenovo thinkpad yoga	Yes it will.
size replacement nibs take smaller bamboo feel replacements full sized intuoscintiq pen nibs	Intuos sized. I'm using the spring nib from my cintiq pen.
work motion computing le1700	Hello! Yes, it will work with Motion Computing Le1700, because of the same technology (Wacom Penabled).
gauge wire	According to cablestogo's website the cord for this splitter is 16AWG rated at 13A for 125V.
anyone tried note 3 note 122	Yes it works on my note 3
pen work lenovo thinkpad tablet 2 since tpt2 wacom digitizer like samsung ativ 500t	Not sure. I have an Asus EP121 that has a wacom digitizer and the pen works great with it. It also works on my ATT Galaxy Note.
pen support pressure sensitivity asus eee slate ep121	Yes it does. I have used it for several months now, after losing the original. The side 'click button' is not of much use to me however, otherwise this pen works the same as the original.
pen work nook hd kindle fire hd	This pen will not work with any Nook or Kindle product. It requires an extra sensor beneath the screen which few tablets have (some Samsungs and a few Windows tablets). This sensor is what allows "true" pens like this one to be so accurate. 
disappointing one cannot flip pen around use eraser without pressing hard engage eraser	Mine didn't require too much pressure. Perhaps you got a defective item? Maybe contact the company who sold it to you and ask for an exchange. 
wondering pen compatible asus transformer t100 could find anywhere else	does not work on my t100
camcorder used change tapes dvd	I purchased this Hi8 camcorder specifically to convert Hi8 video tape, although this camcorder just allows you to play the tape.
cables need hook camcorder tv viewing cassettes	Hi Marcel, you can view the files from the cassettes by connecting the A/V cable to your TV. Thanks_Mitch
work pal system color tape	Hi Ahmed, Sony CCDTRV118 Camcorder supports NTSC system only. Vincent
camera comes ac adapter	Yes. The one I received did.
transfer videos onto computer using camcorder	I purchased this camera just to transfer HI8 video tape to a computer --- but, you will still need a device to convert the video to digital format to be saved on the computer.
would pen work surface rt	No. RT does not support the pen.
unclear one issue record video onto memory stick photos come good please help	Yes you can record video onto a memory stick and the result is very good
would need transfer 8mm tapes dvd	This CamCorder and a computer, plus the media, necessary.
bunch video 8 8mm tapes camcorder play	Referencing pg. 237;Sony 3-079-467-13(2) - Digital Video Camera Recorder -DCR-TRV350, Additional Information- About Video Cassette: #350 -#351 -Usable Cassette Tapes: Hi8, Digital8 ( Recommended ), Standard 8mm.
camera perform video pass	From analog composite to ilink/firewire. Yes it does. I've imported VHS tapes to my computer that way. VHS&gt;TRV350&gt;PC or Mac.
test plays tapes normally	Yes. Playing tapes is a critical function for me in use of a camcorder.
play analog hi8 tapes	This model records on HI8, 8mm ( standard ) and Memory Stick ( Digital 8 ). You can record to Memory Stick while recording to tape ( Photos ) and you can record from Tape to memory stick, when not taping ( playback ). You can record directly to memory stick. It's very versatile.
trv350 working macbook pro 1075 firewiire imovie suggestions camera show image capture either 800400 adapter needed help	Camera working fine, Operator error
still available	Hi, thanks for your email, yes it is. Take care, Norman. 310-968 0555 east coast
trv350 connected macbook pro firewire work usb	Yes, the Sony trv350 connects to MacBook Pro with firewire.
hi paper sleeves	Yes they are paper with the a thin plastic circle on front
clear plastic windows flat &amp smooth others reflections impede ease reading label enclosed disc	The windows are flat and smooth. The whole label can't be read, only a portion of it can. 
np40 37v 710mah	I believe it is, not sure, I got it for my granddaughter last year and it works good in her Fuji camera.
recharge fujifilm lithium batteries time must run first	You can recharge them at any time. I bought from Barbjewels and received a no name version instead of the Fuji pictured. Completely dead and unchargeable- the hassel of returning it eventually turned me off-beware!
np40 750 mah 740	it has to be COMPATIBLE ... it works on Fujifilm NP40 Rechargeable Battery for Fuji F402 , F460, F470, F480, F650, F700, F810, V10, Z1, Z3 & Z5fd Digital Cameras
long last	I have had my camera since 2008. I bought a new battery last year because I thought my battery was bad, but it wasn't the battery, so now I have two and the original one is still good.
paper quality made thicker paper regular ones	The paper is the thick type, but the rubber band that was tightly wrapped around the sleeves ruined most of them. Do not buy.
tapes fit car stereo	yes
long term disc storage issues unexplained wearfogging discs removed long time	No, no issues or problems and none expected, although storage has only been for several years in these sleeves.
tapes fit sharp vl 110u	These are cassette tapes, I don't even know this gadget you are mentioning. If it plays cassette tapes you can use these, if this sharp vl doesn't play cassettes it won't play these.
want make sure price pack 7 per casette thank	yep
needing mini casette hand held portablethe listing stated bsuch shipping size states different thanks mike	These are regular sized cassettes. not mini-cassettes.
cassette tapes screws easy open old ones need fix	no they don't - they are glues together. You can purchase a kit to take them apart and put the tape in a new casing, but that's about it since cassette tapes are considered "old"
size need small cassette like size old model answering machines	I remember those old answering machines, but I have forgotten what kind of cassettes they used, maybe you can find the answer on E-Bay
may use sony recorder tcm200dv150	YES, I am using it in the Sony recorder. It is not good for music, but works well for simple instructions.
leaderless need medical dictation want ones clear lead beginning	Yes, they do have about inch or inch and half of clear tape at beginning. Then gets dark tape.
say 7 pack 7 tapes 2 pack 7	7 tapes
many cassette tapes comes pack	Eight
tapes microcassettes	No---they are regular size cassettes. Hope that helps.
come clear cases one	Yes
individually wrapped	Yes
120 min cassett tapes sale	Now im interest on VHS tape
tapes inserted vcrt record tv program	No, only for audio -music.
120 min cassett tapes sale	I have always liked Maxell recording tapes.Used them off and on for past 38 years!
doess contains 8 cassette 60 minutes one way 60 minutes reverse	Yes, its 8 individual cassette tapes with 60 minutes of recording time( 8tapesx60minutes). 30 minutes on side A and 30 minutes on side B. Im about to order some more at the moment.
hook camcorder flat screen show videos ready made type mini dv cassette	Yes you can. Depending on what hookup your tv has you might need to buy an extra cord but it has the "old" red yellow white cord attachment which works
trobleshooting camera z65 dv camcorder happen camera recording image appears problem	Most likely the CCD imaging chip is bad. This was a major issue with these cameras. So much so that Cannon fixed them for free for a while but not any longer.
clear	Very. I taped music from my CD's. Great sound.
mean newly charged battery work camera unless power adapter also plugged	It means the battery is completely worn out and incapable of taking a charge.
cassette tape screws hold case together	Yes I just opened one up and there are tiny ones on each end. Tape cassettes are becoming obsolete but these seem to work in a recorder. I hope this is what you waned to hear.
camera take minidv tapes	Yes, mine did it also takes the mini sansdisk
size pictures please 5 x 7	Not 5x7... I believe they are standard Polaroid size: 3x3 1/8 inches, plus the white border as seen in the photo. :)
difference 300 600 film polaroid cameras one buy particular camera	It's for different sizes. That camera I believe uses 600
unit powered read somewhere unit pulls power film packs true use impossible films packs	Just get some wire and connect it to the two the. Two metal places on the flim
best place buy film	Amazon
film camera take 300 600	We found out that the film had been discontinued....
px100 vs superaural px 100w superaural mean anything different	In this context, "supra-aural" means that the headphones lay _on_ your ear--as opposed to cupping around your ear or going in your ear (like earbuds). That makes them the same style as the PX100 model. 
replacement cushions get saw replacement cushions koss amazon fit	The koss 6-pack does work for my px-100
open wait kind people around hear listening	Yes
px100 vs px100 ii anyone know difference series one series ii models	The PX-100 II's are AWFUL!!!! do not buy them. Sennheiser gave them the ridiculously accentuated midbass hump they think the market wants, presumably to compete with the Dr. Dre/Monster Beats of the world, and in the process ruined a cult classic.
imitations diffrent quality sounds	I bought these PX-100 recently and they are the real deal. Paid 29.00+ and they sound wonderful, period. I have bought from Amazon many times so I think you can trust their normal listings.
anyone bought heard grado sr60 hey sennheiser px 100 headphones compare grado sr60	I have both. If you want the best sound then go with the Grado's. If you're concerned about looks and comfort, then go with the Sennheisers.
wear running would suitable running	Absolutely, yes! I have bought three pairs of so called "sports headphones" and none of them worked for my runs or workouts.
buy new film cameras selling buy old film	They don't make new film anymore for Polaroids so you would have to buy old film.
sennheiser hd280 pro vs sennheiser px 100 sennheiser hd280 professional headphones vs	It really depends on what your intended uses are... The 280s are big, and most people would see them as somewhat impractical for portable use. That said, I use mine all the time when I'm out with my mp3 player.
compatible toshiba satellite l855 s5405	I'm going to say no! on the basis on what your battery model number states. review your battery model number. 
compatible protege m780	No I don't believe the port replicator is compatible. However I don't have a protege on hand to verify this 100%
compatible satellite c855ds5320	It's compatible for Satellite Pro 6000 series, M10/M15 series, Portege 4000 series, Tecra M1, S1, 9000 and TE2000 series. Unfortunately, C885D is not one of them.
toshiba satelite model c55a5281	No, it is not compatible with C55-A5281. Thanks.
compaible toshiba satellite model 75da7102	No it is not
trouble nettalk duo choppynettalk said linkys router may issue like run modem directly duo router yes	Yes , you need to run the cord from the modem to your duo then to router .
use connect internet ipod touch ipod touch built wifi live theres wifi hotspots connect wondering use connect internet ipod touch	Could you please explain in more detail.
hook directly router connect directly router instead	Yes you can hook this directly up to a router.
one cable running router tv connect blue ray dvd player using switch	Yes, using this switch will allow you to use another ethernet cable from the switch to the blu-ray player. You will need another cable though to run from your router to the switch, with the other two cables running from the switch to the desired devices. Basically, you will need as many cables as there are ports on the switch, in this case 5.
work cable modem switch ethernet cable wireless router switch wireless still work	It's always best to limit the number of "connections" to get the highest speeds in your network. The better arrangement is Cable modem to wireless router and then to switch (3 deep).
big	the msg from amazon says you are asking about the 24 port ethernet switch, which is 22 x 9 x 4 inches and 4.1 pounds by the product description...i own the 5 port ethernet switch which is 3.9 x 3 x 1.2 inches and 4.5 ounces. hope this helps. A.J.
cannot get wireless signal computer bedroom tv bluray player &amp dvr patch cable answer	You have 2 options as this device is just a switch not a wireless router. If you have a wireless signal between your wireless router and your bedroom you can get a wireless extender such as a belkin or linksys (I have the linksys) for around $70 that plugs into a power outlet.
unplug pc plug switch run cable fromswitch pc thenrun another cable switch nettalk duo	Yes. Just make sure tge first cable you unplug is on the PC end and not your modem side to ensure you are getting the correct network settings
use cat6 ethernet cord notice everyone keeps saying used cat5 cord	Yes. 100Mb requires at least cat 5. Cat 6 is just better cable - capable of 1000Mb.
regular female female vga hook monitors need male male adapter hook splitter	the vga cable from your computer should be male to male so you will need a female to female gender changer with this unit. you can look I think they make this product with both a male input version and a female input version
could used create local network among 3 pcs bd player one pc outdoor wifi antenna connected via usb port	How well this works at creating a local network depends on the kind of connectivity you want between the devices (peer-to-peer should work, but if you're trying to "feed" the BD player to all 3 at the same time or some other configuration, I think a router is preferred) and what kind of connection you want to the outside world (to share an internet connection you'll need a router, not just this switch).
hook laptop two monitors cable go splitter box clone use extened 1 2 button press f5 press crt work cable monitors r computor side goes video side	You would hook up your laptop to the Input side and your monitors to the output side. This box will only allow you to clone the output from your laptop.
side u hook cables ur laptop ur projector computer side video side using cable go box	On the C2G 29550 box, you need to hook up your "source" (laptop or computer) to the Input side.
competable every type android mobile	Yes, absolutely.
someone help abt warranty would need show sennheiser company receipt amazon repairs covered 2 year warranty	I have the same EXACT problem... I have to play with the connection to get it to work.
hookup c2gcables go 29550 monitor splitter lab top two monitor show blank screen show lap top	Your screen may be extended instead of mirrored. If it is a Mac, go to System Preferences-&gt;Displays.
unit rack mounted	No, not out of the box. You could put it on a rack shelf.
work mac long vga mini display adapter run machine	Yes it will work.
extend duplicate picture multiple monitors	Yes. I bought one to use for that very purpose and it worked flawlessly.
compatible sirius onyx es	No
anyway connect ipodiphone	I don't have this device any longer, but as I recall it only had a dock for the XM radio itself.
compatible sa50000 xm receiver	Well I pulled mine out of my Delphi Boombox, where I have had it since I bought XM. (I don't drive so do not need to pull out for a non- existant car).
pay sattilite	beats regular raido with talk all mourning and adds with xm none of that and i here music not played on regular raido and they dont edit and there is some thing for every one from rap to rock latino music even some chanals from cable like fox news and cnn but iallso they got tons of sports.
worked bose wave cd player	Yes. I have a wave player that hadn't been cleaned for five years (I never really thought about it.).
work clean nintendo wii console	Nintendo specifically states that the consoles will not play standard DVD or CD content. The disks that Nintendo provides their programming on are specially written/formatted to their own reading standard.
work dvd player built tv	Yes, my DVD player is built in the TV ... I have been using something like this since I purchased the TV 12 years ago. Very happy with it, except that voiceover on this one is really loud - i just mute it now
compatible internal dvd player insignia tv	I beleive it will 'clean' the eye on the DVD player, but not all of the sections of the audio steps will apply. For the price, I would give it a shot. The quality of my CD and DVD players (standalone units) has noticably improved.
3disc cd player cleaning disk good one use single use	More than one use. I have used it x3, and it is still good as new. Just keep it in the cover and away from bright sun light and heat.
work car cd player	Yes, I keep one in my car & use it when the Book CD starts to skip. Make sure the Book CD itself is clean; I often find it is the thing that needs the cleaning so I just wipe it with water & use a tissue to dry it. 
liteon dvd recorder work	I don't know my system was too far gone and it wouldn't work for me.
spins play audio used laptop ok	disc should start up by itself & give you various prompts to clean etc.
lexus sc430 work slotted dvd player lexus sc430 work slotted dvd player	Yes, I used it in my Maxima that has a 6 cd changer
work whit xbox 360	From what I've read, it does not work with xbox, laptops or pc. Just cd and DVD players only
even itunes would good play music	It does have the Itunes player. It will play internet radio and also your own music as well.
compatible ipad wifi	No & No
camera	no
compatible delphi skyfi 2	is this for xmskyfi2 radio
need power adapter boombox terrible time finding suggestions	Some suggestions: I bought mine new at Best Buy some years ago. They may know if Delphi, the Mfg. may still have a supply. 
bought used skifi audio system fromyou guys delivered quickly boombox came ac adapter way supposed	The standard package comes with a 120v to 12v adapter that plugs into any standard outlet.
play minecraft	no
works snow leopard watch hulu youtube etc line type flash player need downloaded apple imac	No
burn dvd's	There is a disc drive but I'm not sure. This is not a good computer. The minute I got it was very slow and old. The price to have apple fix and update it was more than the computer itself
upgrade snow leopard 106 type memory add upgraded airport card wifi card	I'd also like to know. So far it's made a great paper weight!
record tape dvd	No, not with this model.
vcr tuner	We used this only to play VCR tapes or DVD's. I don't believe it could record DVD. I think it can record the VCR from the cable box but we never used it. We just record the programs on the DVR for a long time now.
use walkie talkies hunting group may makes radios midland uniden etc radio communicate seem limited distance seems well	Yes it will work with them these radio scan for the channel they are using no issues there, as for distance I get about close to 8 miles anything after that static.
come pair single	usually just comes with one, Unless it states as a pair you can ask the seller if one or a pair.
mean business two way radio business owners	Meaning that only for non commercial use only and not part of business of companies.
anyone know work midland gxt2000vp4	To the best of my knowledge .... it does not
fit cp200	Yes it will
fit motorola rdu4100 model two way radio	to the best of my knowledge yes
use home	I used it for both home and work
work rdx series	As far as I know yes
work wa sp50	Yes it will
mic work motorola spirit sv11 radio	Yes, the Motorola 53862, also known as the Motorola HMN9026, will fit the Motorola Spirit series of radios. The are two pins in the plug, one pin a little smaller than the other, and they fit into corresponding sockets in the side of the radio.
compatible hmn8432a speaker mic mic replacing	As far as I know it is not
anyone know work midland gxt2000vp4	Hi, it works on cls1410 Motorola walkie talkie.
looks though kenwood plug work baofeng wouxon correct	Now that's an interesting question. I bought it for a Motorola radio.
mini dvd	No, these are the full size DVD discs
problem using reusing discs data backup	We've not had any trouble re-using these discs in the past.
made malaysia	When you use this product to record, you must make sure Disks are properly formatted. This ensures playback on most machines will function. I say most because there are machines that are out of specs thus needing re-adjustment or not cleaned of foreign matter. 
dvd_rw discs use say4 hours recording	To get 4-hour capacity, you either need DL (dual layer) blank disks (and a recorder that supports DL disks), or you need to record at slower speed (inferior quality).
unit record hdi directv hd receiver programs saved recorded hd want copy disc	No
read svideo dvd true	That is true. But this combo type players are obsolete now that no one uses the VHS tapes any more. you can buy a blue ray player real cheap with Wi-Fi built in and a bunch of apps. also they use HDMI, no more wire jungle. Hope this helps.
built tuner unit	i am not sure what the issue is. all u need is to connect the unit to your tv with the cables. no amplifier needed. just one thong, it has the pld fashioned av cable connections, not the hdmi.
know size purchase	Here's the link to the 3M ergo mouse. http://solutions.3m.com/3MContentRetrievalAPI/BlobServlet?locale=en_US&lmd=1241455060000&assetId=1180595739992&assetType=MMM_Image&blobAttribute=ImageFile
use left hand	Yes, I'm left handed and it is great design. Easy to navigate with. Recommended.
require driver installed ie work without requiring admin privileges	Yes
thumb click hurt	No. However I use the keyboard more than the mouse. If I was constantly using the mouse I'd want to switch between two different mice to allow my hand to be in different positions.
anyone else problem scrolling right click functionality cannot access right click functionality certain programs like word	My wife uses this mouse with a Windows 7 desktop PC. 
reverse control	It has forward and rewind, not reverse. This is a great little machine for the price.
one use ear phones hear cassett played	NO, but it but it does not play really loud so if there is background noise then you might like to use earphones.
turn let record 7 8 hours without anything	No
could play car kids hear back seat	Yes
volume one half way squeal shrieks impossible listen head phones speaker var switch	We have found that this cassette recorder does not work well at all and we will be replacing it as soon as we can. 
come rca output jacks I looking get connect computer digitizing old tapes use rca minijack cable	No
could play car kids hear back seat	Yes
builtin speaker	Yes it has a built in speaker, ear phone jack that could also be used for an outside speaker
headphones required listen tape	there seems to be a speaker on the back as well as earphone jack
would work recording class	i feel that it may be ok for class work,i have found it not good for record ing music. i suggest --pay another 20.00 and get a good one.
numlock keypad affect numlock main keyboard 14 inch laptop number pad 'jklm' keys number pad enabled	No
option propped back angle like traditional keyboard	No it lays flat. It has 4 little rubber cushions on the corners.
work alt key many numeric keypads I looked	I don't know what ALT function you are looking for, but in Num Lock off mode the keypad arrow keys work in conjunction with the ALT key to activate pull-down menus.
calculator function work connected computer require powering usb connection operate	It requires connection to the computer through the USB connection.
could plug mouse keyboard	Yes. I actually have a wireless mouse and I put the USB connector into the Targus ports.
long usb cord	3 feet approx
dimensions item	5.2 x 0.7 x 3.6 inches ; 3.2 ounces These posted dimensions are rather good.
new refurbished item brand new	It SHOULD be new unless specifically stated otherwise. However it is best to check with the particular vendor to be sure.
cannot ship product new zealand	Dont know why they cant ship it. But listen, I have this product. Feels great n comfortable but its missing a scroll button. mouse w scrolls is a must these days! I bought 'Penguin Mouse' and I love it. Has a scroller button. Its great! You may want to get the small version though... Good luck!
mouse ok macbook pro right	Compatible for Mac OS 10.6.4 or higher.
comparison competitors compare aerobic mouse formerly quill mouse evoluent verticalmouse	this mouse is much more comfortable and totally cures tendon problems in the hand. The problem is it has no scroll button. like the evoluent. I use both.
work macs	I'm sorry but I have no experience with a Mac and the number pad. Maybe someone else could answer that.
receiver built interior wall antenna work located near window	I can get most stations with this antenna near the receiver, though there's a few I can only get if I move it over to the windowsill, so I put a 6-foot extension on it.
kind plug	coxial antenna. More information on the Terk antenna website. It works for us and replaced our old "rabbit ears".
requires connection fm playing device wirelesscan boost signal mobile fm radio also power supply requires	It has to be connected to the FM Device, but no power supply is required.
connector round oblong space round connector radio space oblong square one hd radio btw	Standard round TV/Radio antenna input. Upon its arrival test to see if the unit improves your FM reception (mine did not and I have replaced the unit with standard TV/FM external antenna).
antenna made	It's made in China.
radio single wire fm antenna connect	I could not figure out how to connect it either. Total waste of money.
work portable cd playerboombox devices	If any device has a FM tuner built in and there is a antenna terminal on the case it would work.
maximum sizecapacity compact flash maximum size s400 handle	From Canon's product support - Solution: The maximum memory card capacity is 2048 GB The maximum card capacity for the Compact Flash Card standard is 2048 GB. 
canon s400 service recall canon usa controller	THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!
think product	I think that it is a very good 4 mp camera that I have used to the many pictures over the years. I have used this camera on my travel around the world and I recommend this camera to anyone who would think about using it.
hello nic compatible vmware esx 51	Yes. It works for my 5.1 install.
would please let know thiswill fit supported gigabyte ga990fxaud3 motherboard	It will fit because there is one PCI slot on your motherboard. I'm not sure whether your OS would auto detect it, but drivers can be downloaded here: http://www.intel.com/support/network/sb/CS-006120.htm
lowprofile nic	No it's not
work pci slot 5 volts one	This will work on a 3.3V 32-bit PCI slot. Source: http://www.intel.com/support/network/adapter/1000mtquad/sb/cs-009537.htm
camera	No
paper&ampink g600	What is the question?
software mac compatible	Yes
l get easy share 6000 replacement ink	Hi, the last time I ordered ink cartridges was in November of 2013. I ordered through Amazon and the items were sold by "Integrity Woman". If you search Amazon for the Kodak PH-160 color cartridges they still show numerous listings which will give you an idea of cost.
printer work cannon camera	No.
suppose u fone u want cnnect make pictures possible catridges wen shipping wil b separated	The model that I ordered does not have that feature. And yes it was shipped with the cartridge. This printer does connect to your computer via a USB cable and I used Kodak's software to build an online picture album. Then you can select pic's to email. Hope this helps. Wayne C.
work dx7590	I don't see why not. I'm using the Kodak Easyshare Printer dock 6000 with a DX6490 and it works just fine. The 7590 and 6490 are almost identical.
easyshare cx6330 camera work	Mine does
come coaxial cable sold seprately	It has one built in. However, it is probably around 4-5 feet, so in my case I had to add an extension (have gobs of the stuff laying around from years of accumulation).
live top moutain three big cities within 70 miles recon antenna work	You can never say it won't until you try it. At the price, it's worth the gamble.
ths unit adapted crosleyall 1 unitturntablecassette amfm cd unit	Yes, if the back of the Crosely has a connection for an FM antennae. Sometimes an adaptor is necessary between the Crosely and the Terk.
work kodak v1073 camera	Don't know.
work c1550	Do not know what C1550 is. My printer is no longer working and my camera only works in the auto mode.
come power cord	Yes it does come with the cables
wps button router	yes there is. Here is a link to the PDF installation guide which shows in diagram the WPS button on the router.
live parental	it is parentlal control to restrict access to certain types of web sites that you do not want your kids to access...sort of like the V Chip.
model allow port triggering	not sure what that means
connect cable device wireless signal	Have to go through a modem that cable company gives you when router
making buzzing noises time toss buy new router	Gail's reply does not make sense to me. I used a router (SMC 3605T) excellently for over 3 years, and some weeks ago it suddently started buzzing intermittently- NEVER had a problem w. connectivity. Over the past weekend I went out and bought the Netgear.
range	Not great. Fine in my small one bedroom apt but when I moved to a larger place I had to get a range extender.
move contents vhs burn dvd	If you are asking if you can burn the VHS contents to the dvd drive, no. The DVD drive on this unit is just a player. 
record movies tv shows dvd player	You can record movies and tv shows with this machine, but beware, the machine I bought had a defective dvd player. I bought it for around $90. Sometimes a bargain isn't. Good luck!
play vhs tapes also watch new movies dvd	Yes you can play both VHS tapes and DVDs on the Sony SLV-D300P.
tuner	No strictly a DVD or VCR player. You need a cable box or digital tuner for tv channels.
record tv shows vhs tape machine programmer set record future tv show vhs	You can record future shows to VHS as with older machine's with the timer setting. At this day and age though, you'd be better off getting a DVR. Obtaining VHS tapes has to be hard.
kind battery	It uses two lithium camera batteries that can be found at any major retailer such as Wal-Mart. They are short mid-sized batteries.
camera light meter	Yes.
camera come case strap also tested film	it had no case but it did have a strap the cameral works very good I used it at my granddaughter's wedding and my pictures turn out better than the man that they paid to do the pictures I love my cameral best buy that I have done Linda
way attach remote release either wire remote	I'm afraid not. I'm assuming that the remote releases only work for digital cameras.
kit contain filters adaptor rings	Cheers, The camera that I purchased did not come with filters or adaptor rings but my daughter loves the camera. Bob
use lenses use digital slr like canon 1740 f4	I heard you can but you might have to do everything manually. I'm not on this though. You could also try a camera store to see if they can give you a better answer.
understand digital camera digital storage usb ports may view photos even temporary c	The cameral I bought does not have any digital storage or USB but this I can tell you I love the pictures it takes I'm well satisfied with it
new batteries seems open shutter close battery indicator looks like eating battery	A flashing battery indicator can also indicate an error condition. 
camera come batteries instruction manual batteries use get instruction manual	It uses CR123A/DL123A lithium batteries (3 volt), which can be found at any Radio Shack. 
cannot get router install windows vista anyone ideas would much appreciate	It doesn't matter what operating system you are using. You don't have to install anything to use this router. All you need is a browser like internet explorer or firefox (and it doesn't matter which version either).
support windows 7	We have Windows 7 on computer and laptop. Works fine.
use windows 8 connect kindle fire computer	Yes but read up the requirements on google
could get camera shipped overnight paid	Hi, thanks for your question. Shipping rates, restrictions, and methods vary from merchant to merchant and aren't set by Amazon.com. 
lifter work jabra pro 920	The Jabra GN1000 will work with all new Jabra wireless headsets that have an "AUX" port on the charging base. From their website
lifter worked well fell anyone know keep phone	Hi Samille, it sounds like you need some replacement double sided tape. If you look on the bottom of the lifter you will see where you can put the double sided tape.
work polycom ip 335 phone	Try calling "Hello Direct" @ 800.644.6976 and ask them for technical info.
jabra gn1000 remote handset lifter work jabra 9470	I don't know, but call 800.644.6976 and they will. If the number isn't good call me + I will give you a few more to try; Jim B.@ 248.548.0050. I have ceased buying them from the importer/manufacturer, as they are less expensive with Amazon.
kind battery	It uses two lithium camera batteries that can be found at any major retailer such as Wal-Mart. They are short mid-sized batteries.
camera light meter	Yes.
camera come case strap also tested film	it had no case but it did have a strap the cameral works very good I used it at my granddaughter's wedding and my pictures turn out better than the man that they paid to do the pictures I love my cameral best buy that I have done Linda
way attach remote release either wire remote	I'm afraid not. I'm assuming that the remote releases only work for digital cameras.
kit contain filters adaptor rings	Cheers, The camera that I purchased did not come with filters or adaptor rings but my daughter loves the camera. Bob
use lenses use digital slr like canon 1740 f4	I heard you can but you might have to do everything manually. I'm not on this though. You could also try a camera store to see if they can give you a better answer.
understand digital camera digital storage usb ports may view photos even temporary c	The cameral I bought does not have any digital storage or USB but this I can tell you I love the pictures it takes I'm well satisfied with it
new batteries seems open shutter close battery indicator looks like eating battery	A flashing battery indicator can also indicate an error condition.
camera come batteries instruction manual batteries use get instruction manual	It uses CR123A/DL123A lithium batteries (3 volt), which can be found at any Radio Shack. 
could get camera shipped overnight paid	Hi, thanks for your question. Shipping rates, restrictions, and methods vary from merchant to merchant and aren't set by Amazon.com. 
work bose lifestyle 38 surround sound systems	Yes it will work wigh your bose system.
marantz model sr585 15yr old antenna work	It should as long as you have regular antenna leads on the back. It comes also with RCA transformer if you need that instead. 
work old kloss 88 table top radio cd player	I checked this model on ebay, the 75-300 ohm adapter should fit this model. I do not know whether this Terk Amp will improve your radio reception or not. Good luck.
I interested boosting reception reviews describe fm situations	Don't buy, don't buy, DON'T Buy! You can have mine if you want. These things don't work.
antenna work music system fm receiver reception really poor	It did on mine. The antenna is about 9 feet away from my window.
work teac agv2050 antenna connectors wires plug	No. Also runaway from this product. It is sold as new but is used and of poor quality
connection work old bose wave radio round push connector	No, and never buy their products
antenna came adapter back home stereo	It plugs into a coax type connector on the back of mine.
mitel 5330e phone jabra 9450 lifter work ok phone headset	ry this - http://www.jabra.com/headsets-and-speakerphones/compatibilityguide
bought jabra gn9300e lifter work	This was fully compatible with the GN9125. The connection is very simple. The system is connected with telephone lines. when it gets a signal it tells the lifter to lift.
work meridian 7310 nortel phone	Most likely as all it does is raise the handset off the 'hook' switch. It will NOT work if the phone is wall mounted as it depends on gravity to keep the handset in place and hang up the phone. The GN1000 plugs into the phone handset jack; the phone handset jack has to plug into the headset cradle; and the phone line plugs into the headset cradle as well.
best booster bose amfm radio	i found it works great but has to have close access to the outside wall for best results
work proving reception	Arlene, we've had very good results, in fact we have two, one downstairs in the living room with our main sound system/hdtv and one upstairs in our bedroom as same. No complaints here, and they have stayed on ever since we got them. As long as you can zero in on the station and the signal is moderate, it has been crystal clear reception. Hope that helps!
retractable manually wind case	I personally hoped it was automatic when I bought it, but you have to wind in manually.
short	The ear bud assemblies themselves are a little over 1" long. The cord assembly is about 36" long. More info can be found on Sony's website.
compatable iphone 5c	Yes, they should be, they are regular headphones, that go in the headphone jack. They don't do anything special other than function as headphones, no microphone or anything like that.
mounts hold outdoor conditions overhang hold strings lights get wet always possible	The adhesive will give way under weather. There is a centered hole that you can screw or nail them into the siding That worked for me
mounts receive hole center screw pictured	The whole doesn't go all the way through, but there plastic, so you can just drill one if need be.
big tie use	The slots aren't that big, about 4 mm across and 1.5 mm high. As far as cable ties go, anything tiny through medium-sized should work just fine. Hope that helps.
made	I don't know. I had my reservations but these little squares are very good at sticking to walls. I used them to hold my led light kit around my alcove. I used a screw in the center to hold up the transformer (it weighs a lot more than the thin lights). So far I'm very impressed with them. Hope this helps. Carlos
standard security loop fit slot	What is a security loop?
come 1 2 cable covers	Comes in two pieces, just like the picture shows. The bottom piece you lay the cables on and a single top cover that easily snaps on and off.
dimensions actual channel cables inside	I was able to fit 3, cat5 ethernet cables inside. I think 1 more would have fit ok.BUT only with the cables laying side by side if 2 cables cross then the lid doesnt have clearance to snap closed very well until the cables are better situated.
need buy several need cut shorter lengths recommended method cutting shorter	Any knife or fine saw will do, I used a hacksaw.
roll heavy cart small wheels	Mine is under a rug so it's hard to say... It depends on how tightly you pack it. I packed a TOOOOON into mine and wouldn't want to put pressure on it cause I think it would pop open. 
headphones expensive bought 2 years ago amazon $1899 $1499 ebay get expensive	They aren't in production anymore, so people are selling it for an insane mark-up that only an idiot would buy.
love foam pads deteriorated buy replacement pads fit	Hi Douglas, from this link,
glasses would uncomfortable impractical someone wears glasses	Nope - They're fine. My wife and I have had no issues with these or the MDR-Q23LP, over multiple years and multiple glasses frames.
slim	Thanks, Robert - I'll chek them out.
bought $1999 resell $120 awesome x5 mark	Hi this item is no more available from Sony - i buy this from retail for a very high price Thank you
connect unit cable box v	The answer is maybe. I say "maybe" because it depends on whether your TV is equipped with the appropriate analog input/output connections. Some televisions allow you to hook up an auxiliary source such as a video camera or game using the component video inputs (RGB) or the composite video jack (yellow) along with the left and right audio jacks (white and red).
turn music hear people saying music getting loud	No, the overall sound is reduced or controlled.
at&ampt uverse dvr connected hdmi cable hdtvhow would connect unit	You do not provide enough information to directly answer your question, so I have to guess about the missing information. It depends on the DVR output jacks and the HDTV input jacks as to what you can do if you are only using the HDTV internal speakers.
compatible iphone	Yes. That's what I use mine with. They work great.
ear bud work iphone 4s	Not certain as I use it with a SE phone and a SE Bluetooth.
dimensions unit listed dimensions seem realistic 74 x 11 x 93 inches 64 ounces	They are 1 1/16" x 1 1/16"
increase volume senior needs tv sometimes louder	No, it only maintains the voume at a steady level at the volume you set your TV or amplifier.
rca plugs inputs	Ones labeled IN
cabledish utilize playstation 3 watch netflix amazon work playstation	Hi Berthor. If all you're looking for is sound leveling, then yes, it will work. It works for my internet TV off my PC - really we'll. 
control tv volume talking controlling volume tv speakers	I am sorry to say that I got absolutely NO response from this unit. I have a Westinghouse flat screen, (which I hate) I installed unit according to the very limited instructions. 
twe relative coming holidays keeps tv nonstop hook override remote	NO!!! This unit is made to keep the volume at a relatively constant level. When commercials com on the volume level generally goes up. 
device used landline telephones also	I am sorry, I could not get this to work on my television, so I would not know if it would work anywhere.
model adapter sony player takeyou would use adapter instead batteries	The SONY TCM-200DV does not have a jack for an external power source. It is strictly battery-powered (2 AA batteries). 
buy wall 3 volt power adapter cassette plug size	Hi, this Sony TCM-200DV compatible AC adapter is the Sony AC-E30HG. -Ely
sony tapes recorders	This cassette player/recorder can play pre-recorded cassettes or cassettes you make on your own (like recording a guest speaker, etc.). You are not limited to SONY's brand cassettes.
work	Yes I use one regularly.
dimensions 10 inches one numbers certainly must mistake big big enough fit cassette tape	It fits a cassette tape .
size cassettes recorder take standard old full size smaller modern mini cassettes please give dimensions sure	Hi Susan K. Chelune, The recorder uses Standard Audio cassette, 2.5 in or 64mm High and 3.96 in or 100.5mm Length. Hope this helps! Vincent
size	4 1/4" x 3 1/2" x 1 1/4"
need use dc adapter make unit work properly	Yes, you must plug it in.
recorder loud sound I band need fast recordings band jams	Hi, this is a cassette recorder which uses Standard Audio Cassette. 
kind earphones buy tape recorder thanks anyone kind ehnough reply	Hi Cathy, You can use any earphones with a standard mini-stereo plug (3.5mm). -Anthony
convert composite svideo routing signals one svideo output picture quality compare composite direct tv	Yes, it will output to s-video. Converting to this format will result in about the same picture quality, but will lower color depth.
dc plug included	AC adapter, yes. DC car adapter, I don't remember.
wireless tv antenna get local channels hd format work convert rf coaxial antenna rca input tv projector	No. A modulator converts RCA inputs to radio frequency output (coax). 
would input coxal output red white yellow cause cable comes coxial coxial part snaped back tv	don't understand your question but you hook up audio/video devices,using RCA cables to the modulator.
tv component ryw inputs want connect cable wall use ryw ouput connect tv	Hard to believe there's no coaxial input on a TV, but yes this device will serve your purpose
cable wall rca svideo going older tv coaxial tell need buy	use RCA cables from output of RCA CRF940 RF modulator to the input on TV. Run cable from wall to input of Modulator. should work fine...
device ability power pc remotely	No. It does not.
require certain channel channel previous model requires channel 3 4 thanks	Yes, there is a small switch on the back of the box which allows you to switch between it needing channel 3 or 4.
tv audio outs speakers planning plug normally cable coax inant coax tv rca speakers	you won't need RCA. The coax cable will transfer the sound.
remote work linux	Yes, I've been using this remote on Linux for about 15 years now, on all kinds of distros. I'm currently using it on openelec.
program remote keys keyboard macros	this device in theory would of been way cool. In reality it is a piece of junk that does not work. Also if you load up there software ...beware, you will not be able to UN-install or remove. Avoid this product at all costs
tv feed coax works older tv new led tv's coax input broke signal likely analog &amp simply need rf converter box rca tv inputs	It sounds like you are looking to use the coax input on the modulator, and output rca cables to your tv. 
dc adapter support one include thanks	No batteries only.
reverse recorder feature	Hi C. There is a reverse(rewind) button(also fast forward,stop, and pause) to turn back tape to certain spot. But if you are talking about auto-reverse - where the tape automatically goes to the next side when first side is finished - no it does not have that.
work netflex	If you are referring to Netflix in Windows Media Center then yes it will. If you are talking about the Netflix app on Windows 8 then no unfortunately they did not build that app for remotes.
one side adjusted seperately vision decent vision left eye poor vision right eye thanks	Yes, first use the center adjustment to get it focused correctly for the left eye...now close your left eye and look only thru your right eye and adjust the right eyepiece until it comes into focus. Now you should be able to see clearly with both eyes!
wondering many people said work better telescopes 15x cheap tele 100x great	The principal feature of a telescope is not magnification, but light gathering power. These 70mm binoculars gather about as much light as a 100mm telescope. But since you are using both eyes, the view will appear better.
tripod adpater hook got today im confused part hooks tripod	The adapter screws onto the hinge behind the focus knob. There's a little plastic piece about the diameter of a penny that you have to remove first. 
many people prefer 20x80 25x70	I read that it'sto do with the exit pupil size and why I went for 15x70. Apparently adult pupils (those over age 25) have a pupil diameter of around 5mm.
come strap strap buy thanks	Yes it does include a strap with the package. It's 3/8 inch wide and 41 inches in length, long enough to strap the binoculars and go around your neck comfortably.
also play cassettes	Yes - in the UK we can still get complete books on audio cassette and I listen to them with one of these cassette players every night - it's magic
would able see antlers deer 500 yards	I'm a hunter and at 500 yards you not only see the deer's antlers but its eyes, nose, ears and even its tail wagging on occasion. Thats how much details you can see Hope that's helpful.
picture tripod adapter see	Yes their are several pictures to look at. Look under the customers images supplied. I've uploaded some with the adapter just for your viewing pleasure.
far see	Q: How far can you see with this pair of binoculars? A: Minimum distance = 40 feet. Maximum distance = Infinity e.g. you can see the Moon and the stars like the Milky Way etc. 
rubber base red description located sticky anything done eliminate	You can take a little powder and gently pass it over the sticky area, that will eliminate the stickiness. 
voice activated	Yes on one of the settings
filters recommendations	I made a pair of bino filters from BAADER astrofilm. Google the Baader film -- it can be purchased from more than one source.
3 yrs ago 5100 installed pc blue light	The 5100 is your cable modem. It is what connects your computer or home network to the outside world. Your cable line should connect from the wall to the 5100, then the 5100 should connect to either your router or directly to your computer. 
work 10 meg thanks	Yes it will, the max is 30Mbps for this modem
support telephone connection	I'm using Vonage as my phone carrier through this modem. Not problem at all.
modem support pppoe	Sorry , I dont think so.
wave broadband wa state w15 mbps internet &amp pay $8mo motorola surfboard sb5100 buy instead renting wave	I bought an used one for less than ten dollars. Works perfectly for my Time Warner Cable here in NY. 
modem wifi	No. This is the modem only. You will need a router of some sort to have Wi-Fi.
power supply cable modem automatic 100240v	Not quite sure!
surfboard used	Cable modem for the internet.
use time warner cable internet	Yes I am with Time Warner (Road Runner)
anyone know work verizon fios	No it will not. This is for cable while fios is fiber.
ibm keyboard kb0225 lavender colored ps2 connector 6 pins surrounding tab within outer metal sleeve adapter work	I have used this one on many P/S2 Keyboards, works well,best of any available.
device support extended keyset volume vcr controls keyboard	Basically anything that works on your keyboard now should work with the adapter. I would give it a try.
think would work ps2 scanners	It may because this is an active adapter. My IBM Touchpoint keyboard did not work with a simple pass through adapter but it worked with this. It is inexpensive enough to give it a try.
work dell dimension 3100 windows xp	It will work, however, I found that model to work poorly, with lots of key repeats. 
compatible hp sk2506 keyboard	If your keyboard has a pair of PS2 connectors on it, this ought to work fine. One connector is for the keyboard and the other for the built-in touchpad or mouse. Mark Kinsler, Lancaster, Ohio USA
work ibm model old ibm mouse connected time	Yes, I was able to do this with my Lenovo laptop. There are some minor odd issues which you may experience when you jury rig a model M like that. I have a couple of odd ones where the computer will crash if you use the M on the start windows normally screen if it had an unexpected shutdown for example.
sony vaio keyboard want use new msft surface tablet running win 81 work	It should. If the keyboard has a ps2 output, I don't see why not. You might want to ask an expert at a computer store to double check.
work usb 20	Yes
cf ultra ii extreme iii also recognize newer cf ultra ii cf extreme iii cards	There are only two types of CF cards, I and II. Ultra II and Extreme III are just trademark names for SanDisk products--fast CF cards, but still just CF cards like any other (same size, shape, etc.). Any CF Type I/II reader will recognise and work with any Ultra II/Extreme III CF card.
system optical optical	It has optical in, I don't see optical out. I will add photos to the listing so you can see all jacks on the back. Thank you for your interest.
white silver	It is silver. Thank you for your inquiry.
details say remote included box remote included	Remote is not included. Deal includes only DVD Player(Display lite on DVD player is not working) and Subwoofer (Panasonic SA-HT900 5Disc Changer/Subwoofer SB-WA350). Thank you for interest.
device compatible windows vista open clamshell packaging anyone know work windows vista	I would assume you found out by now if the unit would work for you? Would be nice to hear if it worked for you. EG: You post back if unit worked in Vista..
recently purchased new hp desktop usb ports connector also signal converter want use kybdmouse old xp	That is exactly why I bought it. It works great and everything on my keyboard works. Its great.
panasonic scht900 home theatersystem 5 dvd changer play blue ray dvd	no
interior designer lens work shooting interiors	Fred: I purchased a used 12-24mm nikon lens several month ago and am very happy with the results in regard to interiors and exteriors.
hdmi slots	it does not
lense good group photos like 8 people standing row shoot weddings also fit d3200 nikon please help	Agree with Jaydeep. This lens distorts quite badly at the margins of the frame at the short (12mm) end of its focal length. So, for group photos, either confine your use to the center and longer (18 to 24mm) end of its zoom range, or make sure that you don't have people too near the edges of the frame. 
imagine work nikon d60 formountainsfields indooroutdoor real estate groups people auto dealership main floo	This is by far the best wide angle lens I have ever used. It is incredible as to what you can capture with this lens. 
lens threads filters attached	Yes
compared 1024mm better sharpness justifies expensive price wide	If I can quote Ken Rockwell: "Compared to the 12-24mm which it replaces, the 10-24mm is more cheaply built. The 12-24mm was built to semi-pro standards, but this new 10-24mm feels more dinky and I suspect will break if you bang the front of it into anything hard enough." And "the 10-24mm gets longer as zoomed, while the 12-24mm stays the same size as seen here" The 12-24 can be at f4 throughout it's range; the 10-24 is a variable aperture of f3.5 - f4.5
anyone purchased lens amazon warehouse used good condition get everything ie hood soft cover lens cover concern	No; got it new and it is very goo.
would like also purchase uv protector lens attach lens mm size need	77
use lens nikon d600	Hi Jorge. You can, but this is a DX lens. Your D600 is full frame (FX). If you use a DX lens on an FX-format camera the camera will automatically engage its built-in DX crop mode. 
lens made usa bring everything life hood soft cover lens covers thank	Mine is US lens and came with hood and lens cover but did not come with soft case.
set gain 100 boomy blow tell best gain set want lot bass noboom	I set the gain to around 40% and use my receivers automated setup. Then I turn it up to 50%. If I need more, I can add or substract from the initial setting. Works fine in my greatroom.
hey guys question similar arlin's want turn thing far goes without blowing maybe set 60%	It is very powerfull, I have it at 50% and it rattle my windows.
well lens perform low light interior situations	The lens isn't fast, but is sharp wide open and is easily hand held at 1/30, 1/15 if you're careful.
anyone recommend nice pair speakers use heard good things pioneer spbs22lr andrew jones designed bookshelf loud	I've got the whole Pioneer Andrew Jones 7.1 matched set, and I definitely recommend them. Sound is great, they handle a good amount of power, and all for a very reasonable price. 
240v please	No, its 120v
psw505 magnetically shielded place tv website says yes instruction manual says	It is shielded yes, the manual must have a typo because other manuals that include the PSW505 indicate that it is shielded as well as other sources I checked. As you may already know LCD, DLP and Plasma televisions are not affected by magnetism. J
anyone compared psw505 bic pl200 trying decide either two subs	I have the PSW505 and I love it, watching movies you actually feel like the room is shaking. I would advise taking the PSW505, now that being said, I have not heard or had the PL-200. Hope this helps.
question speaker wires front 2 speaker wires length right one longer left one matter	Not really because the speaker will figure it out to let the sound come out the same,but it think it would sound a whole lot better if you use the one wire I for got what it called because it been a long time since I got one
anyone recommend proper crossover filter settings sub I running polk rm95 51 surround onkyo nr515 receiver	Im no expert however i would set the sub at 12 on both the power and crossover than tweak the sub with your receiver.also check your setup and use the small or large.
184 pin 200 pin	Sorry I don't even remember purchasing this RAM and is in a computer that I have give toa recycler.
hi kvr3331gr kvr333s01gr going hp pavilion dv1000 thank	So implies for notebook as opposed to desktop computer Scott
request technical details kvr333512r confirm kvr333512r nonecc unbuffered operates 25v	is this compatable with toshiba satellite a75 s2112 laptop slot?
hope assume head band adjustable	Yes, it is adjustable on each side.
looking good headphones price rage 4080$ skull candy good wich ones	Skull Candy are actually very bad, in both sound quality and construction. Here are some recommendations in your price range. They may not look as cool, but the sound is great: http://www.amazon.com/Sony-MDR-V6-Monitor-Headphones-Voice/dp/B00001WRSJ/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top http://www.amazon.com/Koss-PortaPro-Headphones-with-Case/dp/B00001P4ZH/ref=sr_1_28?s=electronics
exist 220v	no!
better ipod's earbuds hi wondering sound better ipod's	defiantly.
hey listed mono mixes also listed stereo mini plug mono stereo headphones	They are stereo headphones.
work kindle fire hdx	they are head phones so yes
come size large	They come only in one size. Please check http://www.sony.co.uk/search/nsearch.action?site=odw_en_GB for more information.
going work 35mm jack xoom iphone	it works on the later iPhone models. mine is the 5s iPhone. works!
good headphones decent price	Sony MDR-V150
help use w sony laptop vaio z540 13 laptopwill fit &amp work	Of course they will. They are standard 3.5mm headphones.
cord jcord ycord	it's a j cord and without the extension wire that comes with it, it's long enough to fit your music device in your shirt pocket. With the extension you can put the device in your pants pocket. But I wouldn't recommend these as I bought 3 of these and each extension cord had problems.
lshaped plug anyone else problem size extended cord's plug	the 2.5 extender is for cell phones
ps3	This hard drive doesn't work with the PS3 because it uses a PATA/IDE connector. You need to get one with an SATA connector to install a hard drive into a PS3
drive work mac processor 350 mhz power pc g4 m7827lla running 10411 classic	Will work in any desktop computer with IDE ribbon cable or PATA.
work compac presario m2405la hp pavilion dv5135nr	No. This is a standard HDD, designed to be used by a desktop PC or in an external casing as an auxiliary drive. Notebooks/laptops require a much smaller HDD, one that is smaller than most smart phones. Here is a link to an amazon search showing lots of laptop HDD's. Happy shopping! :D
cables need power unit attach power unit connect motherboard via sata	It has a standard IDE & Molex connector...if your power supply only has SATA you can buy the converters for about $5...I found them on newegg.com - if your motherboard doesn't have an IDE port, I'm sure you could find an IDE to SATA converter too.
drive fit dell d410 laptop	NO!!! What they fail to tell you is that it's for a desktop not laptop. Don't make the same mistake I did...
different httpwwwamazoncomvistaexplorer	It looks about the same, except the Vista Explorer one is supposed to come with a bubble level to make sure the tripod and camera are level, whereas the one I bought (the Digital Concepts tripod) does not.
used w regular portable cd player radio used w regular compact cd player radio	Yes, as long as it has the headphone jack plug-in. I'm not sure about a radio, do you mean two-way radio as in walkie-talkies? I do not know - I don't own a two-way radio. Maybe? perhaps?
nikon coolpix s6200 digital camera tripod compatible camera something would like know purchase	almost all cameras have a small thread in the bottom that universally fits a tripod screw. Even my Canon Rebel (which is large) worked with this tripod and so will your camera!
tripod hook attach something weight looks like cannot sure description	Yes it does.
dolica g100 pistol grip head mounting screw 38 hold	It's got the basic camera adaptor mount that any typical tripod would come equipped with BUT I would not trust this tripod to hold anything. It's too flimsy and cheap to trust holding any camera of value. Trust me it's worth spending the extra money to get a tripod of better quality.
maxium height	I've believe is extends to 60 inches.
pata sata hdd	this would be a PATA drive to my knowledge. SATA has a small slot style connector instead of all the pins
actual weight tripod	I don't have the actual weight but its plastic and hollowed aluminum and I would say its a couple (2) pounds at the most... The main problem with this is teh plastic on plastic contact and it tends to grab and then pop which if you are doing any wildlife or distance it can be frustrating.
fit sony model cfds50 boom box	Hi Lazy Shopper, yes definitely the Sony MDR-V150 will work or fit on the Sony CFD-S50. The headphone is using 3.5 mm jack which the boom box supports it. 
use stand digital camera	As long as it has a port on the bottom for a tripod, yes. This stand is designed for digital cameras.
used galileoscope telescope	I'm not sure, but I don't think so. I only used mine with a Fiji Digital Camera. 
use pc use pc	Yes, you can use it for your PC as I have done. Plug the base into a standard PC jack for sound. This headset does not use bluetooth technology as it works by infrared, not the radio waves of bluetooth.
replacement ear phone covers buy	George, We have three sets of wireless headphones in our home. They each came with ear phone covers. You can order them online through Amazon.com. They cost about three bucks per set. However, they don't last very long. 
wireless two work buy two sets headphones complicated	realizing your post is nearly 6 months old, but i had the same question before purchasing these. I bought two headsets and use them both with the same base.
hearing impaired grandpa hearing impaired wondering could still listen tv headphones	I am interested in knowing the same thing. My father wears hearing aids and still the tv is so loud you can't hear yourself think. 
bought tripod need spare quick release plate find one type plate fit	I am sorry, I do not know. I did put in tripod quick release plate on amazon a a bunch came up, not sure what would work though.
want buy better headphones &amp want know work existing unit	These headphones are not good enough for listening music with high quality, but they are good to watch TV without disturbing your partner.
want know measure spare used coverage sony headset uses model 50 mm 60 mm	All I can tell you is that if you walk out of the room, you lose the sound. My TV room is about 12 feet wide so that is as far as I am from my set and my earphones work great. 
help sony mdr wireless headphone setup way tv sound headphones plugged	Depending upon the model TV that you have, look for Audio Out jacks on the back of the TV. They will look like 2X red and white RCA type jacks. 
replaced battery still working might work 5 min red light gone	This was purchased for my Mom. The battery is specific for the headset and rechargeable. Always leave it plugged in. 
drive work windows 7	Yes, I use it on Windows 7 and it works just fine
fast	It is older technology... so it is not as fast as we're accustomed to but it is fast enough!
would drive work mac 1092 word text edit pages built software download logo pc created floppy	Yes, I have downloaded word from pc to mac and everything has been fine
floppy disks created pc would using device view mac laptop would possible	Lisa, I have this dish and it does work on a Mac. I have a MacBook Pro. So it is possible.
compatible 45 pounds celestron skymaster binocs	Sure no problem, it's cheap plastic so be carefull . If you plan to use it often or have kids use it or let people borrow? Buy two!
given one cannot get work laptop install app first windows 7	for windows 7 it should be plug-&-play. if it still doesn't work after a restart it may be a USB issue. check to see if your USB is configured properly. also check to see if all the USB contacts are clean and making a good connection. beyond that i can't help because i use a mac.
flash work sony a6000 since standard hotshoe	This model is only compatible with the following Sony cameras: DSC-R1, DSC-F828, DSC-F717, DSC-F707, DSC-V3, DSC-V1, MVC-CD500, and MVC-CD400
acc stand suggest automatic acc differ ttl	Believe it means "accessory" terminal. Not related to TTL (through the lens). Allows flash to be used off camera with an adapter cord.
use flash canon camera	I don't know because I never had canon cameras
use flash hot shoe use acc port another accessory like remote cable release	Sorry, I do not know.
mdrif240rk work sony dvd player hearing impaired person &amp allow others also hear movie normal level	yes because we watch our dvds and we do not plug it into the dvd player. 
work sonys f828	Yes that is the camera I have been using it on.
driver work windows 8	I do not have windows 8. This I will say, all previous OS'S with a usb connection will recognize the drive. The floppy disc contents will open if the file association to a program is installed on your computer.
work windows 8 81	Should work with it. It's just a DVD reader
mac air ios 108 work imagic dvd light scribe external drive	John- I don't own a Mac Air, but regularly use my 2 yr. old iMac 21" with OS10.8.5 and burn CDs with this burner all the time with no problems. Jeff
get feed back lightscribe capabilities dvd burner	Works perfectly.
burn cd's	Yes it does burn cd's
iomagic 24x dvd rrw drive work windows 7 64 bit laptop	Yes
work sony dsch90 camera	Gregory, No this supply cannot connect to the DSC-H90. The DSC-H90 doesn't have a dock and only has a USB connector on the bottom. 
would sony hvlf32x external autoprogrammable flash work dcs hx50v	You would have to see if both the tracks that it slides on matches. Sony will answer any questions you have
work sony cybershot dscs780	yes work great on mine. .
work sony cybershot dschx100v	I think it would probably work with the camera you are asking about. The cord works with my Sony Cybershot DSC - V1.
work cybershot dscp100	no , but amazon has one that will.
nowhere camera find accept adaptor plug &amp manual sony cybershot dscs600 help	Yes
work dsc w 70	Hello Char A., Yes, it will work on your DSCW70. It is the compatible AC power adaptor for your camera. Ely
works sony dsctx9 original thanks	I don't know if it works with Sony DSC TX9? My camera is a Sony DSC Hx20V and it sure doesn't work with that!!! There was nothing in the ordering options to have me understand I would need something different!!
work dschx1 sony cybershot one	My camera is a DSC-P8 Sony Cyber-shot It works on that one. I have not had any reason to try any other camera.
unit work current ios109 mac thank	Would have been nice if you had listed the model/number. But based on the information you did submit, no it does not work with Mac.
work video light flash flash recomend sony dscrx10 thank	Just a flash
work avchd progressive	it s used for sony cyber camara
used wireless phone instead receiver	No.
22 poundsper speaker 22 pounds pair shippers insist shipping weight package received 4527lbs	Each speaker weighs 12 pounds according to specs in the owners manual. 2 are in the box.
connect sonos amp used iphone come pair single speaker	Hi. I'm not really sure about the power of a sonos amp as don't have one myself. I use a $500 pioneer amp (bottom-mid range price) which provides sufficient power for the speakers. They sound brilliant.
I looking camera computer adapter import pictures computermy camera sony cybershot 72 pixels d120	If you are looking for a cable that will transfer the photos from camera to computer, this is not the correct item. This is a power adapter, which is the ideal high-quality, low-cost solution for saving battery power and reducing battery charging downtime. 
bass	for a outdoor speaker pretty decent
size gauge wire recommend using two bose free space 51 outdoor speakers sonos connect amp	16 or 18 gauge would work just fine.
speakers come direct burial speaker wire	NO JUST WATERPROOF CONNECTORS
used speakers sonos connect amp still need seperate reciever integrated amp work	These speakers are like any other speakers, just connect the speaker wires to the output on your amp, receiver, etc. They are speakers, nothing more!
best way hook utilize bluetooth	I used the sonic system. Limited amp but easy blue tooth. Hope this helped!
panasonic camcorder model pvdv 102 want connect mid 2011 215 mac transfer videos cable work	It worked great to connect and transfer video from my Sony 8mm Camcorder to my iMac. 
lacie f porsche hard drive cable belkin 400800 work download new macbook pro	Not for sure, but this cable is a FireWire , the Mac hsa the new thunderbolt slot . I was able to get a FireWire to thunderbolt adaptor from the apple store
imac thunderbolt input thunderbolt firewire 800 adapter cable ilink sony camcorder	This cable is perfect for connecting sony iLink (firewire 400) devices to the Thunderbolt -&gt; Firewire 800 cable. So yes, there are two cables required for this process.
sony dvcam dcrhc28 4 pin firewire cable connect 2010 imac firewire input	Your iMac supports FireWire 400 and 800. This cable should work.
9pin 4pin 9pin 6pin need 9pin 4pin	This cable is a 9 to 4.
pass video dv cam mac firewire thunderbolt adapter rocketfish cable cannot	I could respoder your question, I've never done that test.
firewire cable purchase connect late 2006 intelbased imac 400 port mid 2010 imac 800 port	I don't know what firewire I need to transfer files---2006 imac mac OS X--10.6.8 and newer 2013 imac 10.10.1
trying connect sony digital 8 dcrtr7000 handycam 2013 imac thunderbolt ports cable woudl suggest	"Thunderbolt to Firewire adapter". That gives you a female 9pin "Firewire 800" connection to which you can plug in a regular 4pin
old mac mini firewire 400 port attach firewire 800 sdd external drive might faster usb 20 option offered	Well you have one part that makes it faster... the fact it's an SSD. Firewire 400 is slower than USB2 but USB2 is not faster than 800. 
windows 8 hp laptop would able upload pics 100 floppy disks downloaded desktop 12 yrs ago	sorry I have windows 7 It worked fine for what I've been transferring. I use it to transfer sewing files to my machine.
therse speaker's price 2	Yes price is for the pair.
compatible apple desktops laptops	Yes, I have used it with two Macs running Snow Leopard.
windows 8 lapto bought sabrent floppy disk drive work drive work	This drive worked fine on my computer, which uses Vista Home, but I haven't tried it on the Windows 8 computer at work.
work well voice recognition program windows 7 cannot stand typing anymore please advise	I have two of them because of th quality. they work simple and extermely well
mute button	It has a button on the base that turns on and off the microphone.
tall	About 8"
really $115 bought 5 years ago $20 amazon newegg	Yes they are out of production now. Prices go up when things are no longer made.
microphone work windows 7 professional	Very well.
record music record music mic	No. If you want to record anything serious, or even semi-serious, you need an interface - like an Mbox - and a condenser microphone. 
microphone work windows 81	I didn't use it with Windows 8.1; it was just before. The biggest issue I got into it was that it is quite tall and easily toppled over with any kind of touch. Once toppled it seemed to crack at the base quite easily.
phono inputs	Yes, it does.
ipod connect directly receiver simple cord input thanks bob c	No, "old school" RCA style in/outputs. similar to receivers made in the 1970s. no USB . Google images of this unit, front-back views. very good basic FM/AM receiver.
handle pioneer sp fs52lr ipod airport express &amp iradio apple input thru aux inputs	I believe so. My daughter uses here IPod through it all the time. I am so jealous because I got the receiver for her for Christmas and it sound amazing!
allow subwoofer hookup powered unpowered	Hello Rikk, this amplifier doesn't allow subwoofer.
work chromebooks	Yes
drive work windows 81	I can not answer this as I have Windows 7 on my computer. Good luck.
connect turntable	Yes but it randomly turns the volume up all the way or off with the loudness circuit.
long last lasted 2 years replace	We have had ours around one year and are experiences issues with it, again. I thought it was the operator, thanks for the enlightenment.
electrical socket back unit switched unswitched	It is switched but is on when the unit is on standby: it only goes off when the 790 is totally turned off. So, if you use the remote, a device plugged into it will not be turned off when you turn the amp off remotely.
expert side scroll use spreadsheets really wide lot columns need feature	If you want to scroll horizontally, hold the Shift key down and use the scroll wheel.
left click result double click use	I believe I know what the original question was regarding. This is the reason I am looking to purchase another pointing device. 
handle reelreel 4ch cassette phono cd players	Yes-use tape is and out for one and aux for the other
also compatible windows 7	I use mine with Windows 7. No problem.
kensington model 72111 5 button mouse program keystrokes text buttons one trackball thanks	No
driver programmer unit mac osx 106 snow leopard cannot find kensington's site	Are you asking about the Kensington TrackBall? The new one works fine on my OS 10.8. Don't know about 10.6.
ball spun extremely fast cursor smoothly move one side spaz want play missile command	Cursor should move smoothly. There are settings to adjust sensitivity also. If you are taking about making it spin like a toy top.
made	China
get unused replacement trackball kensington expert mouse 64325 last two received tiny nicks outer surface although laser base bulletproof coating ball occasionally gets microscopic	I found this site....$7.95 for a replacement? http://www.trackballworld.com/40-920.html
actual dimensions unit generally dimensions listed site trackballs greater actual dimensions	Approximately 5 inches wide, 6 inches from front to back; 1-5/8 inches tall in the back without the ball, 2-1/2 inches tall with the ball.
beginning take photography classes wondering buying polarizer versus hoya double expense	I am a professional photographer and I use the Tiffen polarizer and it works great. My advice to you is while you are learning get the Tiffen polarizer because at the end of the day either one cant promise a great shot thats on you. 
screw hood filter	Yes you can...
filtered threaded	Yes it is, it screws right on the front of lens. Just don't tighten too much because it will be hard to remove
filters made	MADE IN USA
rightclick action reassigned different button via settings let us say top left button original right button disabled	Anything but the bottom left button can be assigned to so anything or nothing at all.
anyone solution using device yosemite 10103 two macs expert mouse function latest kens update	Working somewhat for me on 10.10.3 with a 2013 Mac Pro. T
stock canon lens cap fit 58 mm filter	I believe so. Mine is 62 (Tarman) & 67 (canon) they all fit perfectly. it is an industry standard.
circular support rings made plastic metal	Metal &#128077;
filter multicoated anti reflection	Let me quote Tiffen (go to their website's FAQ section): "The Tiffen Circular Polarizer is not multicoated at all. We used to carry TMC (Tiffen multicoated) filters but found no significant difference in their light transmission and also that the coating could be easily damaged, resulting in poorer performance. 
solo s2 come power cord also thinking buying detector need know also buy power cord takers	No power cord with my unit.
work nikon af5 nikkor 1755mm 128 ged nikon d7100 also 28300 lens af5 nikkor filter need one	For Nikon 17-55 you need 77 mm filter. You can use the same filter for 28-300 as well.
fits nikon d5300 dslr 1855mm	No-one can answer that precisely from the information given - as there's more than one model of Nikon 18-55 mm lens. 
escort solo s2 bel 940 would choose	I've not tried the Bel 940, but I doubt I'll ever buy anything but an Escort Solo after using it for almost a year now - unbelievable performance and the wireless feature is awesome!
ear phone jack	Yes!!! I got my ear bud from radio shack it's only one bud so don't have to deal with excess cord
need buy uv filter polarizer filter polarizer filter take care uv filtering	I am no expert, but what I do know is that the polarizer makes my shots much better than without it. It is like wearing sunglasses, when you take them off, the colors are just not as vivid. 
long batteries last mine go 6 hours use	mine last for several months, but I only use it about 5-10 hours a week. I've always used Duracell alkalines.
flat wall plug straightin traditional plug	It is a Straight in plug. Not Flat.
onoff switch lighted	Yes
model affected october 2013 recall 15 million surge apc protectors due overheating fire damage	This model is the replacement for the recalled models. It is a complete redesign. The recall was for models manufactured during or before 2000. 
picture one 6 outlet picture indeed 7 plug point	They are showing the included APC-labeled plug cover in one of the outlets.
seems like s2 around since 2003 original liked question software updateableand updates since 2003 looking 1012 year old device thanks	Best of my knowledge no. But its a cool device just never really saved me yet
use plug microwave rice cooker air fryer philips one refrigerator use time receptacle 15a	No
easy wire cord fuse box give corded use option	I have to assume you don't have a 9v DC outlet (cigarette lighter) It would depend on the car & how easy it would be to get to and work on the fuse box/ and run wires to the dash area. BUT, if your thinking of wiring in a DC outlet for this Detector, you might as well purchase a different unit that is designed to utilize the full advantages of DC power. 
plug 3prong 2prong anyone recommend good 2prong surge protector old house old wiring	This is a 3 prong meaning it has the grounding prong. Any retailer or hardware store has the adapter that converts a 3-plug prong to a 2-plug prong but I would advise you check with an electrician before you consider this method. 
need protect home pc I confused difference model apc p62 essential surgearrest 6outlet 120volts 2f	The APC P62 has a shorter cord (2ft vs. 4ft), less surge protection (540 joules vs. 840 joules), and one less receptacle. 
noise threshold	You question "...I was speaking to whether it had noise attenuation like some surge protector/'power conditioners' for musicians - the larger 27 buck strip by this manufacturer does". Now that I understand the question the answer is still no. 
speakers top carpet difference sound floor vs floor	you can point the front side and surround speakers up, which helps with the stage, but the center cannot change angle so I suppose you'll lose some stage. Just make sure the speakers don't move around.
q3 love great speakers add 2 ceiling speakers fully utilize yamaha rxv675 71 receiver looking yamaha 6 12 ceiling speakers	I know of no reason you couldn't add the Yamaha speakers to your set up as long as the power and ohm ratings match those of the Klipsch speakers.
awful tamper resistant prong holes almost impossible plug anything ever buy	No
come speaker wire someone help	they do not
match speakers logitech z5500 system	Yeah but you won't get the full potential of these speakers if you hook it up to the Logitech sub/amp. I'd suggest getting a separate amp and sub for this set to truly get the full potential of these speakers.
klipsch synergy quintet iii vs energy classic 5 hi guys system better	Oh man, Im also stuck trying to make this decision. And I think Klipsch owns Energy by the way...
klipsch quintet iii speaker stands hi know brand model speaker stands fit suitably quintet iii speakers	What are suitable floor stands?
used helmet pushing talk button walkie talkie activate mic good vox	Yes they can be used under a helmet. I was using it under a snowboard helmet and it worked fine. 
wall mount option	No, not that I could see.
connect cell phone	No
headset compatible talkabout mr350tpr radios	yes, it works well - however I bought it for a cheap way to talk to my wife while on the motorcycle and the wind caused too much noise. Otherwise they work find.
used helmet pushing talk button walkie talkie activate mic good vox	You would want to put them on your ear after the helmet is strapped on and then it does stay on your ear pretty well. 
headset used either ear flipping speaker	Yes it can, very easily
headsets work mj270r two way radios	They did not work well with the two way radios. I would not recommend them.
work motorola talkabout mr350tpr frsgmrs radios	Not sure but my talkabouts are about 10 years old but have a vox option and they work fine. 
used gmrs radios motorcycle motorcycle intercom pickup much wind noise	They will pick up a lot of wind noise.
far range item	This item plugs into your devices headphone jack, the wire is more than sufficient to allow you to connect your device to your belt. The range is determined by your device.
compatible d5200	Allan, yes it will work perfectly with the D5200. It is an very good lens that has sharp, fast focus throughout the f-stop range. 
compatible nikon d300	Yes, absolutely. I used this lens with a d300.
compatible nikon d5100	Yes
fx lense	This lens will work on both DX and FX cameras. Even if your DX camera doesn't have an auto focus motor, the lens has (IF) which means internal focus. On an FX camera the focal distance is 70-200 but in a DX is 105-300 due to the crop factor of the DX sensor. 
glass good kinda' wasted consumergrade frame like d5500 thx advance	Definitely not! This, by far, has been my best lens purchase. I bought this for my D3100, & it works wonders. I've used it for a wedding & several shoots. 
best nikon flash unit use nikon 70200 edif vr lens sb800 pair	I had just purchased the SB800 when the 900 came out. Always happens that way. I have used the SB800 and it works somewhat well but understand that a lens with this focal length will require a flash that really brings it! 
lens nikon 70200mm f28g ed vr ii afs nikkor good nikon d3100	Yes. This lens would be a great addition to any kit.
compatible nikon d7000	YES! I use a d7000, and its a great combo! http://www.flickr.com/photos/93243062@N05/9441546218/
vr works nikon d800	Yep
$2600 better vrii although photo shows older vr model around $1200	This IS most likely a VRII lens. It does picture the original VR lens but I tried to get a VR I from them a few months ago and they sent me a VRII. I let Amazon and Electronics Basket know about the error but it seems not much was done about it. 
actually fit powershot s3is	No
canon 28135mm lens &amp lost lens cap lens cap fit lens	Check to lens to verify that it takes a 82mm filter. If so, the lens cap should fit. You might confirm this at any Best Buy store in the camera section.
hi cap suitable protect lens canon powershot sx50 hs camera aswell original canon piece cheap copy	It is an original lens cap as far as I can tell, but Canon has changed the style recently. If it fits it will protect your lens adequately.
fit canon eos rebel k2	Lens caps are designed to fit lenses, not cameras. You have to look at the lens and find the diameter of the lens. If it's 58mm then it will work.
fit canon 50mm 14 lens	It does not. I bought it to replace my lost 1.4 canon 50 prime ultrasonic cap and it would not snap. I was able to shave a bit of plastic off and make it fit - but it didn't out of the box - and it's still not as snug as the old (lost) one.
pinch cap camera broke snapon cap work put &amp remove pinch capbut outside ringthanks	I'm not really sure. I can't remember if I ever had a pinch cap or not. 
fit canon rebel eos t3i lens	Yes, as long as your lens has 58mm filter size indicated on the front of the lens.
use fz200 without adapter stepup ring	Hi You will need an adapter. I think it is the LA 7. I just bought the Fz 70 and it works on there but i needed to buy the LA 8 adapter for it. Otherwise it works great with the fz 200
fit canon powershot s5is	I don't know anything about the Canon S5 IS but did some research for you. A lot of customers are having problems with the canon S5 lens cap but several have found the remedy with a lens cap made by Olympus. 
b300topcon 55mm thread fz40 52mm front thread reason could use 5552 stepdown ring	You can attach the TCON17 this way and it will work but it creates a lot of stress on the FZ40 lens when you extend it. 
lost replacement len cover fits canon powershot pro 1 8mp digital camera 7x optical zoom	I am using this cap on a Canon Rebel Xti EOS. I would recommend going to Canons website and sending them an email to see if this model will fit your camera.
work olympus e500	It has 55mm threads and can be stepped up/down if you really wanted to. I've done that with some m4/3 lenses. It's not a good idea to mount on a zoom lens to carry around. I
used olympus sp 500	Yes, you can use the Tcon-17 on the SP-500, but you will need a CLA-4 adapter to allow you to attach it.
memory supporting motherboardu8668dver77	The specs on your motherboard Supports DDR 266 MHz. This may not work.
work elonex exentia	I dont know
buffered unbuffered ecc nonecc	I just checked the box for you and it doesn't say if it is buffered or not. But I remember I had this question before buying it and after doing some search, I found someone said that it would be buffered. 
work panasonic lumix dmcfz70 need adaptor camera ama sking	It will work on the FZ70 camera but you need this adapter. http://www.amazon.com/Adapter-Panasonic-DMC-FZ70-Alternative-DMW-LA8/dp/B00GTAZG36/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1397676269&sr=8-1&keywords=dmw-la8
receiver	Onkyo 717
high low density memory	the board has physical room for two of these. the pc originally had 512 that took up half the space . I installed a 1GB in one half. It worked. 
speakers suitable outdoor use	I would say probably not, unless you have them someplace protected from weather extremes. Did you try calling Bose?
used outdoors	These speakers are not designed for outdoor use. Try the Bose 151 for outdoor use. The are surface mount but sound very good
need lens adapter one looks good need panasonic lens adapter fit right onto camera	Yes, an adapter is needed to use the T-Con 1.7 with the FZ 18/28/35 models. The Panasonic #DMW-LA3 is the correct model and is proven to place the converter in the correct relationship to the lense. 
add bose acoustimass 10 series iv 51	You don't say how you want to add. Assuming that you want to connect to the subwoofer, check impedance on Acoustimass speakers (from specs). If same, then probably yes. 
assume speaker would work well center channel speaker anyone know buy 1 3 since description lists pair	No
2 round 2 rectangle speakers 2	It comes with the rectangle grills installed. It has the round ones if you'd like round instead.
use speakerswith ipad	No. Not enough power.
much room behind sheet rock need fit	They have a lay-out guide in the box, but mine is new construction. Between studs 13"-15" and length 16"-18", also they have on line their install book. 
anyone tell polarity unit ie tip positive negative	neg outside ring - positive center 7.4v 2.0a
long power cord need least 16ft I going use	It is 12ft. 11 in. long
aside frome speaker wire anything need install prior sheet rocking mounts box clips	There are various means of installing the 191 speakers. The speakers include templates and grills. For specific applications, check the owners manual. 
compatible canon powershot xs20	Yes. As far as I can match part numbers, that's the combination I've been using for years. Hope this helps and doesn't cost me.
mostly bad reviews buy bedroom worth look fine	They sound great to me but I'm no audiophile. Mine are in the living room, and I enjoy them just fine. I like the fact that theres' no wires (except inside walls).
e67u 67mm lense cap fit canon eos 60d camera 67mm 1835mm	Sorry I don't know as I don't have a 18-35mm lens but check with Canon they will let you know for sure.
macbook work regular macbook	I think they do. The Apple Store listing of this product also lists the Macbook.
voltage transform	No.
india plug use	Take the kit with you and I am sure you will figure out which pin goes into the wall socket.
fit canon ef 70200 mm f4l usm thanks	It will fit . The cap is designed to fit at 67mm thread , the same thread the lens is having !
fit canon eos 60 67mm	This will fit any lens with a filter thread size of 67mm. On the lens it should say 67 near the filter threads, on the rim or front of the lens.
built crossovers separate highs lows removed use component speaker's crossover	No crossover.
one twoany answer appreciated	Every item comes with two tweeters. I have these installed since 2 years ago and haven't face any issue.
lens cap fit efs 1855mm lens	I'm not sure, so I checked my lens and it is 67mm, so I suggest you check your lens to see if it has a 67mm opening. If not then you could probably find the right lens cap on Amazon for your camera. Good luck.
01 taurus came 1 inch factory tweeters need replaced plug play wiring need done thanks	I needed some modification to get these installed, but it's not that hard to get them installed.
compatible pioneer avh 1600dvd	It should work cause I had a AVH-4200dvd upgraded to a AVH-x5600BHS and it still worked.As long as you head unit supports remote.
works pioneer pioneer avhx1600dvd	YES, but the one they sent me es NOT the original. It's a FAKE Chinese imitation. IT IS NOT THE ORIGINAL Control.
discontunued manifactured	It is actually not discontinued to my knowledge. We just received some from Pioneer a few weeks ago, and they are currently reporting a backorder for us on it.
actual exact measurements remote description says 7x7x7 sound accurate	That's the size of the package.. the control is about 2-1/2" X 1-3/4" .. be sure to mount it on the right side of steering wheel
compatible pioneer deh80prs allow pause music track without navigating around menus	I don't think there is a pause button
didnt use capacitors tweets cuz im running 18 rms hu amp damaged effect sound	You do NEED some type of crossover with these or they can and will be damaged. The stock caps are for a 7.5KHz 1st order filter. 
control volume	If there is no problem
item control pioneer avic8000nex flagship	Yes it will
control remote work pioneer avhx2600bt 2din	Probably I have understood that work via IR with the DEH model works, it is more convenient to verify compatibly with the supplier
dehx65bt model receiver lost remote came box get regular remote go one drive 2001 mitsubishi galant	From the Pioneer website - The CD-SR100 is compatible with most DEH, AVH, and MVH Pioneer receiver models that are remote-capable. So, yes. 
also come radio	No it doesnt it is sold only as is no radio. Its is just the cd changer.
come speaker grills	No, they do not.
come wiring remoteetc	No remote but my wife loves it anyway.
wil fit without modification 2011 highlander dash	Have no experience with Highlander. I put them in the dash of a Subaru Crosstrek with a slight enlargement of the mounting space. They filled in the midranges which were lacking. Good Luck.
anyone know fit dash 2003 jeep liberty limited	Yes will fit, Dash speaker is 3.5 front and back is 6.5
know speakers fit 2000 pontiac grand se	yes they will fit your car
unit connected steering wheel work hand held	No it doesnt plug into the steering wheel, instead u attach it to the wheel and it sends a signal to ur headunit via IR.
speakers fit 1991 pontiac sunbird	Rear deck or kick panel? Speakers are 5 1/4"sizes to 6 3/4" "
mount dashwould like install classic car	You can mount it anywhere there is enough room as long as it's level but if you do not have a 90s radio with control hookup it is worthless.
fit factory space outer dash speakers 2009 dodge grand caravan	Hello I would Google your dodge speaker size for outer dash, or you can do what I did , I went to a car audio shop and asked for a estimate for my front dash speakers and model choice. Then I said ok thanks I'll come back :). 
fit dash 81 el camino	They fit in the dash of my 82 El Camino, so I am guessing they will fit yours.
sound tight	Sound was good but they only lasted a year and stopped working.
product two speakers left right	There are two speakers for the listed price.
many speakers included per order one set	The price advertised is for two speakers. It took me forever to figure that out! Then I placed my order.
depth speaker face back speaker	These speakers are just under 2 inches from the bottom of the magnet to the top of the cone.
speakers fit 1987 olds cutlass supreme 442	Well.... you're gunna have to change the blinker fluid.. but if you hammer into the muffler they should fit snuggly and have just enough room for the dipstick! So I say pull the trigger! 
anyone know actual height speaker	4 inches without mounting brackets. We used velcro to install them in a CJ5.
actual outside dimensions	these are approximate as the speaker is an odd shape...12" long X 6" wide x 5" high
come grill cover protect	no they do not come with a grill cover to protect them
power handling ratings speakers	150 watts at 4 ohms. Hope that helps
mount storage bays 987 porsche boxsters	I used velcro to mount them in between the rollbars,on the fender wells of a cj5. Hope that helps
diameter speaker	If I remember correctly, it is 1 5/8 inches. It fit well into my existing 1 3/4 cutouts.
included box cutout template mount backplate I comparing I shall I get vs crutchfield offers thanks	Template speaker wire and mounting plate. I love it. Was an easy install and was a no Brainer. 
mounted vertically open speaker box screw thru back themounting bracket allow vertical mount	Mounting bracket allows you to vertical mount
wire parallel front speakers 4 ohm 2way frequency bass blocker uf capacitor use	I think there are resistors attached to the wiring for both speakers so you do not need to reduce the bass.
dimentions speakers	I have sold the car. They were about 14" long by maybe 8" wide.....kind of a pie shape from the side. 
hey guys 2012 ford 150 2 tweeters looking upgrade seem great reviews fit stock cagecaps retain oem look	Yes they will. Me personally had to put two way tape on, it did not quite lock in. But I have had no issues with them.
thickness speaker	Hard to measure when installed. Looks like 13" wide by 5" tall by 5" deep. Check product specs online.
fit 2009 jeep wrangler infinity system	I took my stock tweeters and used them as a pattern to make a flat piece of steel and drilled a hole the size of the new tweeter in the piece of steel to mount the pioneer tweeters. Was very happy with the install.
would hook aftermarket radio rca outputs used unused speaker cables part radio harness	Buy after market connectors and attach to your radio harness then attach the matching one to your speakers
mount jeep cj 7	There is enough wire to mount them anywhere you want, as long as you can put screws or bolts into the surface. 
capacity	20 watts
anyone tell polarity wires coming back speakers striped wire solid wire	The striped wire is the + lead
water proof	Negative.
amp hook speaker wire back	You need an amplified source; either from a regular car radio or an amplifier.
come pair	Yes, come in pairs and I strongly recommend them, are really good and quality speakers!
speakers work sxm sd2 radio set work	I have no idea what an SD2 radio is. Perhaps if you explained what it is better I could help. 
amp hook speaker wire back	You have to have output from the speaker ourtputs off the radio or audio source you are connecting to these speakers what are you hooking these speakers too 
2002 ford escape plug right factory setupit says custom fit ford mazda cut wires thanks	No. You will have to cut the factory connector off and splice it by hand. Or buy a aftermarket connector then it would jut "plug in". 
pair speakers single	They come in box as a pair. The sound is clear, with nice base to them. Well worth the money.
compared kicker ds68	Theses sound really good I think the same or better than alpines and probably better than kickers
fit either front rear 2011 f150 supercrew	If it fits a 6x8 then it should. I put these in the back of my 1994 ford ranger and the screw holes lined up, but i had to modify the hole that the magnet sits in because it didn't fit in right.
buy one single speaker I needing replace blown one	Mine came as a pair, so I don't think so.
need adapter speaker harness type get one 2011 ford f150 platinum crew cab	I got adapters but ultimately ended up cutting and soldering the wires together with some heat shrink over it.
need amp could powered head unit im trying replace 4 sold speakers car	No amp a amp will blow them
loud sound	They are a good sounding speaker. But I guess you will get out of them what you put into them. Mine are Powered by a Pioneer FH-X70BT which 60 watts per channel drive's them. 
crutchfield say fit rear doors 2008 ford f150 need know fit front doors easy modification needs done allow fit front doors	I tried to fit these speakers in my ford falcon doors. they are too deep... 68mm will hit on the windows... rear mount only.
compatible bose use changer bose radio	I am sorry no one answered you! This works with EVERY radio brand as it broadcasts to the radio like a FM station - it IS a FM station. 
2000 lincoln continental optical changer oem alpine cdx p1280 work	It will only work with a pioneer receiver that has the correct cd changer input.
work 2006 chevy truck	I'm not sure...you should give pioneer a call and they could tell you. Mine was recommended and installed by a professional who figured out the dynamics of what was compatible.
compared kicker ds68	i have these speakers in my ford...good bass response. looks really well built..
bass preform well anyone tried kicker 40cs684	No bass. Loud speaker. But not good for bass.
possible install cdx 2006 xtrail compatible	You can install it anywhere,it comes with brackets, you can install it on the ceiling or floor,sideways,horizontal or vertical,mine is under my passenger seat,as long as you have enuf room to open and close the sliding door,you are in business
would replace oem unit 2000 corvette cannot find manufacturer name	i wouldnt know for sure. but my car is a 2007 model so i would guess so. 
fit 2007 honda crv original cd player pioneer	i think it will since its a pioneer. if you want to buy it, you can visit our website store at https://squareup.com/market/electronics-discount
include head unit remote	no, it did not supply wiring to hook it up to my previous unit, and said they couldn't, so I sent it back.
says compatible pioneer bus systems comments indicate works cars definitive unit work 2013 honda	I don't know if it will work with a 2013 Honda. 
work factory installed radio systen 1996 gmc jimmy	you must have a regular pioneer radio, or a pioneer cdx-p1280 UNIVERSAL.
fit 2011 nissan versa hatchback need know asap	Can't say for myself if it would fit in your Nissan... You might want to contact the company Pioneer and ask them. They will know for sure. 
control broadcasting fm signal non panasonic radio without cd control interface remote control	yes there is a remote.
speakers go unit	I've got mine hooked up to 2 Pioneer round door speakers and 2 Pioneer 6x9 boxed speakers in the back,works great
pioneer cassette player include fm radio	Yes it does
item added existing cd player using av jacks	Sure no problem
pioneer cassette also include radio	Yep!
unit bluetooth built says product information	The answer to your question is do not know .I took the radio out and put in my little travel trailer I replaced it with a Pioneer CD I looked at the back and found 2 RCA plugs and the plug for the power and a blue plug with little prongs it is almost the size of a phone plugin that might be it. 
fit 1991 ford f250	I checked it twice for you. It does fit in a 1991 Ford f250. It is a good system. However,once in a while the cassette gets stuck. You have to press the release button again. 
need professional installer install equipment install self replacing old one	Yes
fit 2004 hyundai sonata	I do not know becouse I installed it in a mazda miata, sorry
rigid enough use action cam weighs 6 ounces shoot video 3rd person perspective moving lot wondering hold shape movement see configured l shape	I believe it will. It is very ridged. Keep in mind its very heavy so it may be awkward having it on you while moving around.
use hold lowel tota light weighs 14 lbs know description says total capacity 11 lb reality hold	Yes it would probably hold that. It's pretty beefy.
need extra parts flex arm connect manfrotto super clamp without stud	The flex arm will fit into the manfrotto super clamp without stud. The stud provides a 20 connection directly to the manfrotto super clamp, like a tripod. 
solid enough hold large reflector even flex arm extended full length	Yes, as it is strong enough to hold a TetherTable with an iPad which is heavier than a reflector.
work canon videocamera hd vixia hf r52 platinum plus sunpak tripod model 5858d	Depends on how heavy it is and whether it has a 1/4x20 threaded socket. If the camera and light weigh more than a couple of pounds and you try to position it in a position close to horizontal, I'm worried that it would not be able to hold it without sagging. 
photo dept daily newspaper wanted 4 flex arms &amp allowed order 3 order &amp get 3 get 1	Hello, The quantity option above the "add to cart" button is based on an "average per order" for the item, and does not limit you from ordering more. 
strong enough hold dslr camera attached superclamp	No, it will not hold a camera and lens. I might if you used the Canon EF 40mm pancake lens. Its not very strong. Get the Manfrotto 244 Friction arm.
connect pioneer cd changer head unit	Yes you can. I Have one of these Radios and I Bought a CD changer and put it in the back of my 87 ford Bronco with RCA plug wires it sounds great Good luck
need another swivel plate order put manfrotto 327rc2 light duty grip ball head onto monopod	I doubt it. I have 2 heads that fit fine and they are both brands other than manfrotto. It has a standard screw so I doubt that any adaptation is necessary.
manfrotto 679b anyone give headsup 38 1420 screw top work	It has one stud which is 3/8" in diameter. If you push down on just the outside of that stud, a 1/4" stud is exposed. The 1/4" stud is stationary, with a 3/8" spring-loaded retractable sleeve.
use nikon 70200mm f28g afs ed vrii	Hello, This monopod has a 22lb load capacity. It will handle the 70-200mm2.8 lens without a problem. Regards, Roozbeh OC camera 949-347-1276
got mine yesterday coil spring installed lower small leg lock mechanism ok please help thanks much	I have never noticed before but mine has no spring in the lower leg lock either. It has been working fine. 
come camera bracket camera bracket able mount small camcorder ie bracket universal	No, it does not come with a camera bracket. Yes, you will be able to mount a small camcorder, but it might be to much for it.
foot replaced ie 38 thread foot	It does not appear to be replaceable. It is a rubber covering, similar to what is on a leg of a metal folding chair. It is glued on so it is not easily able to be removed. 
52mm filter fit 1855mm lens sigma ex dg 52mm filter fit 1855mm f3556g afs dx vr nikkor zoom lens	yes, look under your lens cap see the 52mm? thats the filter you need
sigma dg 52mm multi coated uv filter filter fit panasonic lumix dmc fz40 141 mp 24x optical image stabilized zoom lens	It does. Got mine yesterday and fits perfect on my FZ40. Will
directly mount nikon d5200 monopod would work alright shooting birds	It is difficult to use a monopod with a camera directly attached to it. It is much better to use a monopod head like the Manfrotto 234RC Monopod Head. 
glare current uv filter tiffen light reflection unbearably noticeable	I find it really good in terms of glare. I have it on a Nikon 35mm 1.8 and the images always have good color and contrast in my view.
fit nikon dx afs lens	You can determine if the multicoated UV lens will fit by looking at your dx af-s lens and see what diameter the front end of the lens is in millimeters (mm). It fits my DX AF-S lens, which has a diameter of 52 mm. 
filter fit nikkor 35mm f18 52mm	For sure. I have one of these filters on that same lens right now!
take put lens cap back	No. I never have to take it off.
fit pentax k500 1855mm lens	I don't have that camera or lens, but it does fit my 18-55MM Nikkor lens.
problems smudging cleaning filter	Yeah, I used nikons lens cleaner solution and it messed up the filter. There smudge marks now stuck on the filter and cant get it off or that could be the coating that most likely came off.
whats best method clean	microfiber like an eyeglasses cloth. you can also use handsoap and water like with eyeglasses
filter clear picture looks opaque since I new filters noticed look like ones	Yes, It is clear and does not reduce light transmission.
filter sigma 35 mm 14	No
sigma 67 mm uv filter fit nikon d5300 67mm 18140 lens	67mm will fit any 67mm lens it's not brand dependent.
comes package filter sort protective case holder	Was in a clear plastic case, I think; been a while since I first opened it, it's now protecting one lens
go canon 1855mm lens	Is this the lens you are asking about? http://www.amazon.com/Canon-EF-S-18-55mm-3-5-5-6-II/dp/B000V5K3FG/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1384631932&sr=8-1&keywords=Canon+is+18-55 If so you would need a 58mm filter.
$110 $35 filter 110 joke mistake	Visit photo4less.com. It's $37.
problems using lens hood reversing lens hood storage filter	No problems whatsoever. Lens hood will work just the same and be able to reverse for storage.
filter fit nikon lens requires 67 mm filter	I bought mine for a Canon lens, but it should fit Nikon too. There were a couple of reviews posted where the buyer used it on a Nikon lens.
best safest way clean highquality filter professional ultrasonic cleaner distilled water work thanks	Hello Al -- I have successfully used a micro-fiber cloth. In an emergency, a dry cotton t shirt will do and a breath to fog. These lens coatings are stable, but be careful about using liquids. 
filter sigma 35 mm 14	No
filter clear picture looks opaque since I new filters noticed look like ones	Yes, It is clear and does not reduce light transmission.
sigma 67 mm uv filter fit nikon d5300 67mm 18140 lens	67mm will fit any 67mm lens it's not brand dependent.
best safest way clean highquality filter professional ultrasonic cleaner distilled water work thanks	Hello Al -- I have successfully used a micro-fiber cloth. In an emergency, a dry cotton t shirt will do and a breath to fog. These lens coatings are stable, but be careful about using liquids. 
$110 $35 filter 110 joke mistake	Visit photo4less.com. It's $37.
filter fit nikon lens requires 67 mm filter	I bought mine for a Canon lens, but it should fit Nikon too. There were a couple of reviews posted where the buyer used it on a Nikon lens.
go canon 1855mm lens	Is this the lens you are asking about? http://www.amazon.com/Canon-EF-S-18-55mm-3-5-5-6-II/dp/B000V5K3FG/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1384631932&sr=8-1&keywords=Canon+is+18-55 If so you would need a 58mm filter. This one will not fit.
got lens today know could mount camera canon rebel t5i order frame I new	You have to remove both pieces from the camera and then install the 2 new pieces good luck.
nearsided farsided diopeter use see without glasses turn dial way minus still cannot see clearly	If I understand your Query correctly you need to wear reading glasses. Correct? The EOS Canon cameras have a pretty extensive range of adjustability built in. If you need something additional (rather unlikely) then match the diopeter number to the number you wear with your reading glasses. 
compared hoya	In the past I have used Hoya filters and found them very satisfactory. I have never compared Hoya and Sigma filters "head-to-head" so I cannot answer your question. 
comes package filter sort protective case holder	Was in a clear plastic case, I think; been a while since I first opened it, it's now protecting one lens
use 2 2	Depends on what your prescription is. The camera has a built in -3.0 to +1.0 diopter adjustment. You want to buy the one that will allow you to match your prescription. 
know whether get 2 2	MY EYE DOCTOR TOLD ME WHICH ONE
work 7d	It works on my 6D.
flight size bag small enough considered arry baggage airliners	I've had this on the plane with me several times and never had a problem with it being a carry on. It fits under almost all seats on the plane too.
work canon 5d 128	E-series is not suitable for 1D, 5D, 7D etc. What you need is similar Dioptric Adjustment Lens of the Eg-series. For a reliable, full list of compatability, please refer to: http://shop.usa.canon.com/shop/en/catalog/product-accessories/eos-digital-slr-camera-accessories/eos-dioptric-lenses/dioptric-adjustment-lens-eg-3
hold gripped 7d 100400 l lens	Should with no problem because all of the compartments are Velcro and rearrangeable.
backpack fit big fat person seriously motherinlaw 270 pounds straps long enough thanks	I am 6' 3 252 with wide shoulders. I wear a 3x t shirt and it fits me fine. The only problem I see if she puts more weight in it than she can carry.
hold laptop	It is not designed for laptop storage. The main portion has removable partitions for camera/lens storage. If you removed the partitions, you may have space for a small laptop. 
bag brand new unopened pay california tax asinboooo9r6ta	Yes, mine was brand new. About tax, I don't know...
getting gift someone know nothing cameras fit canon rebel t4i 1855mm lens	Yes, plus lots more.
hard open get camera quickly hello thinking getting backpack concerned long takes get bag set time get camera	Lindsey, this is not like a Lowpro slingshot bag where you can pull your camera out in a hurry. 
looks like olive sheen material versions 200eg mat canvas olive material sheen mat olive material	It is a mesh material with a little shine or sheen to it.
demensions bag	Inside measurements ( w x h x d ) 10 x 143/4 x 5 "
threads front accept polarizing filter	Yes
1 strap 2 like regular backpack	it has two straps. it can be worn on both shoulders. go for it. I like the bag very much. using for almost an year now
work canon powershot g12	Sorry, I don't have any - but I don't think Canon makes a wide angle attachment for the Powershot G series though. I think you will have to get a 3rd party maker for a wide angle attachment.
work canon rebel t3	yes it will
filter fit promaster xr edo 18 200mm 13563 macro lens sony alpha 290 camera	Yes, it very much should!
hi lens filter fit fugi xf1855mm f28f4 fugi describes filter lens prf62mm please reply	62mm is 62mm. I don't see why not. THe threads should be standard.
size filter need	You will need a 77mm filter
work 70d	Yes it will. Canon lenses are made so that they will work with any Canon DSLR camera.
best wide angle lens choice indoor group photo's 20 30 people limited budget	If you need a pretty good wide angle try the Rokkinon 14mm. It has only manual focus. The 20-35 Canon is a good lens. 
work eos 10d	Yes. It will work on any EOS camera, including the EOS 10D.
angle range lens	70 degreas
90100 yr old large family picture glass protection stored revive yellowdingy photo	This cleaner will not take care of what you are descibing. The yellowing is from light....indoor lighting, sunlight....could even be from common things that happen in a house like cooking smoke, oils in the air. 
stuff flammable likely something go checked airline luggage get uk costs almost double	Yes it's very flammable.
remove lint free wipe spraying old slides	Don't spray directly on slide; dampen wipe with cleaner and clean the slide with wipe.
used color negatives well b&ampw	All emulsions. Though it should be used lightly, as you can damage the emulsions if you rub too hard and too often.
want make sure comes original box	Yes, it came in the original box.
take sharpie marks vinyl	I do not know, I have not had records with sharpie marks nor experimented about it.
pictures actual lens	I bought this lense a few months ago. The picture is of the lens.
know bottle reads professional photographic use sold personal household family use	Their lawyers probably insisted on the disclaimer. The product has an incredible odor, and is probably toxic. (But it does work.)
work eos rebel xt	Yes, but there is the 1.6 factor of focal length adjustment. So at the wide end the lens is 32 mm equivalent.
hello stuff remove retouching fluid antique photos	I used to use it to remove retouching dye I flubbed from prints & negatives I was retouching, but that was fresh dye. So I'd err on the side of caution & try it very lightly on a corner with a q-tip before going after the rest of the image.
hood attach filter two uv &amp pol lens cause vignetting	It will attach with a filter on, as it doesn't screw into threads in lense.I haven't had the vignetting problem with it.
lens hood work 1855 mm ii lens	It should.
hood reversible thinking put camera bag something would need take flipped around	Yes, completely reversible. I do it all the time. This is a good hood.
since gentle enough film negatives wonder used clean pc monitor ipad screens	I wouldn't try it. Gentle is a relative term. It's still a solvent and therefore might etch some plastics or remove some coatings. 
fit canon efs 55250mm lens	Fit, yes. Work with, not really. This hood is useless. The 55-250 has its own specific hood meant to handle flare and ghosting on longer focal lengths. Just Google it.
hood fit canon efs 1855 mm f3556 lens specifically listed product details compatibility	Yes this should fit fine!
extension cable longer 25 feet	It does not include an extension cable, but Canon sells one that is a 33ft extension. Unfortunately, as expected, you'll have to pay a ridiculous amount for it. 
make sure compatible eos 7d	Yes, that is the camera I use mine with. I love it and definitely recommend it.
allow shoot continuously hold button given camera set burst mode	Yes, it will shoot continuously in the conditions you specified. I have done this on the the EOS 6D and 7D.
cleaner good clean super 8 film	I've used it on 35mm and 110 still film and it works great. I don;t know of a reaon why it should't work on Super 8.
clean post adhesive print without ruinning print	I used this product to remove years of grime from antique negatives and a few prints. It did remove some adhesive from a black and white print.
option button locked shutter stays open longer one click I I would like long exposure	Yes KB it absolutely does. Push down and forward.
compatible 5d mark ii	Yes the RS-80N3 does work with the 5D Mark II
work new 40d anyone know switch works new 40d camera	Yes, it does. :)
compatible 7d mark ii	Yes.
canon ef 1740mm f4l usm vs canon efs 1785mm f456 usm hi someone help decide btw lenses canon rebel xti	Buy the EF 17-40mm f4.0L USM. Please refer to www.photozone.de and click on Canon lens tests to see why. Hope I've helped you.
remote compatible t3i600d camera	No. Go for the RS-60E3 remote as specified in the owner's manual.
wells dose canon ef 1740mm f4l usm ultra wide angle zoom lens perform low light situations	Depends on your situation. If you are on a tripod shooting still subjects it will be fine at just about any ISO and aperture. 
1740mm make lot difficult get sharp pictures mean lack lens bring performance walk around lens	IS is generally a useful addition, but it is most important when * You have trouble holding you camera still (you are shaky) * You are shooting video * Your subject isn't moving (landscapes and portraits) * You are shooting telephoto. 
somebody help decide lens grab 1022mm lens 70d body	Depends on your current and future needs. I have the 17-40 and am happy with it. I also have a full frame camera and that was why I brought this lens. 
good weddings	Yes! A wide angle lens will always be helpful when taking the group shots especially if you do not have plenty of space to back up. It is also helpful in getting those shots that capture the entire event that is taking place.
help canon lens wide ultra wide I novice canon ef 1740mm f4l usm ultra wide angle zoom lens much	jessie girl, OK. To answer your initial question, I don't think the 17-40 f/4L USM is too much lens for you. You'll most definitely appreciate the better build quality and optical performance of this lens though. 
canon 7d get 'beep' pressing halfway confirm focus dont hear 'beep' fullpress along shutter	I only hear the beep at full press.
would work well t3i	Hello, Yep this will work on your T3i. The mounting interface is compatible. (EF). As far as performance goes its a great lens all around, I am sure it will look spectacular. 
would recommneded use lens t2i	yes I think so
canon 7d already 50mm f14 looking ideal lens primarily street landscapes right choice	Yes it is, I love my 17-40, I just wish it was f/2.8 but other than that is my go to lens. 
say lens af capabilities	Yes it does.
possible use canon t3i thanks lot	Yes, but you may be disappointed. The distortion of a fisheye lens is greatest around the edges of the image, but the smaller sensor used on most digital cameras (except "full frame" models such as the 5D) uses only the center of the image. 
15mm f28 fisheye lense make sense digital rebel xt user	Yes it does but for 1.6 crop it even makes more sense to buy Bielorussian lens called Peleng 8mm. It's a full manual lens but very good one
dustwater resistant canon seal frontal element like 70200 f4 l	I think the lack of full sealing in the front on this model has to do with the fact that the front element moves a bit when you zoom. 
canon eos rebel xsi camera since full frame camera possible get effect without black borders around image	I have the 7D which is a crop sensor frame and the 5D Mark III which is a full frame. 
used canon rebel xsi	Yes, this lens will work on a Canon rebel xsi. It will work on any Canon dslr camera.
redoes lens work well canon 6 full frame	Works great with a 5d so I'm sure it will be fine . Slight vignetting in corners, but that's no biggie.
auto exposure &amp auto focus capabilities	No, it has no autofocus . It is manually focused. But it does do exposure thru the lens with your F-1
lens work well canon rebel t3	I've used mine on the 7D and the 20D. I wish I could be more help!
work canon rebel t4i	Yes
lens work well canon rebel t5i	Yes. It won't show the full coverage of 180, of course, because of the "cropped" sensor, but it will have a wide view and a bit of the characteristic curvature of straight lines near the edges.
question 50mm35mm users using 50mm 14 years &amp cannot live without sharp 35 sharper worth	yes. crazy, ridiculous sharp. you will never use your 50mm again. :)
canon rebel xsi digital slr camera450d work lens	Yes, all canon DSLR's will work with this lens right out of the box. That's everything from the 450D to the 60D to the 5D and all the cameras in between. Only Canon's mirrorless (EOS-M) camera will require an adapter to use this lens.
good time purchase deeper discount christmas thanks	Yes. Usually $100 cheaper during the Christmas holiday.
could time exposure shot like shooting stars	Yes. If you press the button and push it forward, it keeps the shutter open until you move it back again. It does not have a timer built into it though. 
lens come hood	Yes it does! It comes with a canon lens hood and lens bag. I love this lens.
hello yesterday price 1330$ 1479$	Amazon tends to raise their price autmatically (?) if there is more interests for the item. 
wide enough wedding party 12	I've found that this lens is more valuable as a wide-angle lens on a full frame camera. On a crop camera, it feels more like a portrait lens. 
ok standard lens carry around beginners canon 35mm canon 50mm lens	The 50 is probably more often referred to as a "standard" lens and works great. The 35 is slightly wider and often used for portraits of more than just one person (when you need to fit more people in the frame). 
filter size lens	72mm
celestron 127	No I have an old scope, but it should work on anything with a 1.25 eyepiece.
work celestron nexstar 114g	Yes, it works with just about any size Newtonian reflector telescope, including the 114G.
collimator work celestron 130slt better laser sct hotech wjat advantages thanks	As long as it is not a "Jones-Bird" type scope which has a catadioptric lens installed. The 130 SLT has a focal length of 650mm, so I would imagine there would be no corrector lens. 
says complete manual focus mean work autofocus well	The Canon EF 35mm f/1.4L USM works very, very well with autofocus. The USM is for "UltraSonic Motor," Canon's way of advertising their very fast, very quiet autofocusing system. 
refractor telescopes need collimating	Refractors do not usually need collimation. However, it is possible to check it, and occasionally it could be better. The lens cell usually has three pairs of screws in a push-pull configuration, that are in fact usually accessible to users/owners. 
work nexstar se 6	Should work with any Newtonian reflector telescope
work nexstar 130 slt primary mirror marked	I don't believe the mirror on that scope is center marked. However you can use the collimation eyepiece to collimate it, it will just be a bit more difficult. 
work 2 focuser 2 125 inch adapter	I've only used it on my small portable dobson. So i haven't been able to test that. But i can tell you that it fits that 1.25" very well so if you have an adapter that centers and aligns well then i don't see why it would not work.
work nikon d90	Yes, the cable should work for the D series cameras
work celestron 31042 astromaster 114 eq reflector telescope	Yes. It will work with any reflector that takes 1.25 inch eyepieces. I believe that the telescope in question does take 1.25 inch eyepieces.
work nikon d3100	Rachael, I don't think it will work on D3100 it is meant for D50, D70, D70s, and D100
work nikon s50	I found this one on Amazon http://www.amazon.com/SafeWatts-cable-Nikon-UC-E12-Coolpix/dp/B00L9KQ06I/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1405274725&sr=1-1&keywords=nikon+cables+uc+e12 It does not look like the cable uc-e4. 
standard mini usb difference need replacement wondering spend 25 mini usb costs 4 dollars	I purchased the UC-E4 USB cable and when I received it I found that it is the same cable that I use for my Canon Power Shot. So I assume that it is a standard mini usb.
work nikon d80	yes, it will work for a D80.
work little sony camera	If the camera has a place to attach a hand or shoulder strap, this should work. I have a small canon point & shoot with a cloth hand strap looped to the camera, and this shoulder strap attaches with a slip knot to the same point in addition to the hand strap. 
ditto question sx260 hshas small ring attaching	I am using this with the Canon SX280 HS without any issue. It took a couple of tries to thread it but no big deal. I am not sure if there is much of a difference in the SX260 and SX280 ring but I suspect not. 
work bushnell north star believe 35 maksutov type	I don't know, I looked up Maksutov collimation tool and couldn't find any, it worked in my cheap Newtonian Bushnell.
work sx260 hs	Sorry, I don't know.
intend use strap beach handle corrosion made stainless steel	I'm not sure if it is made out of stainless steel (it looks like it is) because it is coated with a heavy plastic so that it is smooth (won't snag on clothing or skin) and waterproof. 
cropped sensor dslr canon 60d difficult take full body portraits focus 50mm 14 lens right choice	That is exactly why I purchased this lens and I love it! The focus is a bit soft if you try and go below f2.2
better lens canon ef 85mm f18 usm mostly taking portraits full body shots children thanks	Honestly, I'd think it was less a question of which lens is better than if you have a full-frame or crop sensor camera, and how far you are willing to stand away from your children to take their photos. 
work rebel sl1 thx advance advice	Yes it will work with the SL1. Keep in mind that the SL1 is a crop sensor so this 28mm will act like a 45mm.
collimator work properly orion xt8 reflector	It will work on any Newtonian with a 1.25" focuser.
smallest aperture setting	Aperture Range: f/1.8-22
would lens work good rebel t3i	Depends what you mean by "good." :) The T3i is a crop-sensor camera, so the 28mm doesn't give you as wide an angle as it would on a full-frame. 
canon 28mm f18 vs sigma 30mm f14 thoughts	J. ONeill says: Did you make a decision? I am currently debating the same two lenses. I am leaning towards the Canon since it seems there are quite a few quality/AF issues with the Sigma. 
work 50	Yes, very well in fact. You will have a 44.8mm field of view with F 1.8. It was a perfect "standard" lens on my 60D. AF was fast and on the money every time and very sharp. 
lens compare around lens portraits street travel 7d 28 usm lens	I have the Canon 7D. The Canon 28mm f/1.8 is not IS but I wanted it for low light. The Canon 28mm IS f/2.8 would be a good lens for your needs. (This is my opinion). But for portraits I use the Canon 85mm f/1.8. Hope this helps.
lens work far wide angle portion goes	28mm is considered a standard wide shot on this camera and it actually works very well. I use it on my Canon EOS-M. 
made japan	Dear Buyer: No. the len is not made in Japan.
made japan	This lens is made in Taiwan.
adjust aperture please give ranges maximum minimum	Maximum is 1.8 and minimum is 22. Nice bucke at 1.8 but in a crop sensor might get a little distorted on the edges. Fun lens.
looking lens family potrait t4ishould go 50mm lens love bookeh effect general	It will depend on the number of subjects you are trying to shoot and how far they are apart from front to back. Remember that lower f-stop numbers equal shallower depth of field and you may find shooting a large group challenging to focus all of subjects. 
make lens attach fstop lower add 24105 f4 go much	Yes it will An f4 will become a f5.6
work apsc cameras	Yep!
canon eos rebel t5i using older version lens ef 75300mm usm lens canon extender ef 14x iii ii work	The Canon Extenders EF 1.4X III or II are designed to fit just some of the Canon L prime tele and zoom lenses. B&H has a complete compatibility list which unfortunately does not include your lense.
canon efs 55250mm lens lens work ef 14 20 extender	No, the 1.4 and/or 2.0 extenders are not compatible with the Canon EFS 55-250mm lens.
step loss whole range 70200 28 still 28 70 56 400	Yes. it will be a step loss. However, I may recommend to buy the newer version "III"...the same step loss but far much better capture quality (eg sharpness)...naturally, the budget should be considered also.
difference iii ii mark nonmark	The difference between the series is the optical formulae and glass coatings. Each series introduces a percentage of image quality improvement in each Extender.
difference ef 14 ii extender ef 14 iii extender ii sells $459 iii sells $449	The III is very slightly improved over the II and a bit cheaper... It works well but you lose a stop on your lens and on some cameras you lose auto focus...
extender compatible canon ef 70300mm f456	No, it is not compatible, according to compatibility list.
older 80200 28l 14x work lens thanks comments	Hi, I had a 70-200 2.8 MK1 and now have a 70-200 2.8 MK2 and it works well with both. 
new canon 2470mm f28l ef ii lens new canon 2470mm f28l ef ii going available amazon preorder	pre order has opened. shipping in April. suggested retail price is absurd! http://www.amazon.com/Canon-EF24-70mm-2-8L-Standard-Zoom/dp/B0076BNK30/ref=sr_1_55?ie=UTF8&qid=1328906482&sr=8-55
brand new 50d used 5d mark 1 suggestions	I agree with John M's recommendation, with the additional support for the 50D. The new processor makes a huge difference. If you can't make the jump to the 5D Mark II at this time go with the 50D I think you will be amazed.
whatsize filters used	77 mm
use lens canon rebel xsi need newer higher quality camera	I've used this lens with a rebel (forget which model, it was my clients' camera).
using change minimum focusing distance example 70200mm f28l minimum focusing distance 15m use still able focus objects 15m away need farther away	Daniel, It's been a while since your post, so you may not need to this info anymore, but I'll pass it on anyway. 
2470 24105 anyone ideas suggestions	hi. Do you plan to shoot more weddings or landscapes...? i think it could be the answer of your question. I think about buying this lens too. i am a wedding photographer, and wedding conditions are always dark light situations. 
canon 2470 f28 vs canon 24105 f4 wedding photography 5d mark ii according experience lens better 5d mkii matters	I have several bodies including the 5D mk1 and mk2. I also have both lenses you mentioned. 
wish buy canon 28l 2470 1635 mk ii	Hi John! If you are doing landscape photography, you don't really need a F2.8 lens. In my opinion, you would want to be between f11-f16 & even f22 for landscape. You will have to use a tripod at night regardless at such small apertures. 
portraits children including closeups lens distort facial features closeup shots	Go for it. This is an awesome lens. I use this lens along with my EF 70-200 L Series f/2.8 for all my wedding and other event shoots (including portraits, sports etc). 
canon 1755 2470 suggestions tips	The 17-55 IS is widely reported as achieving image quality on par with the 24-70 "L" series lens (although it won't have the same build quality regarding ruggedness and weather sealing). Because the IQ will be similar between the two lenses, the main difference will be the field of view. 
lens work t3i	Yes however you just take into account the 1.6 crop factor on the sensor. Your actual depth of field is not f4 but f (4*1.6) and the reach is around 480 mm. Also iso is affected. 
come tripod mount	Yes it had
lens sharp hand held lens	I use it handheld almost all the time. It has IS, good for about 2 stops. If the light is really low, you still need to bump up the ISO, or use a support.
work eos rebel t5i body	Yes of caurse
indoor basketball games wo flash anyone use shooting indoor basketball games wo flash	I have been shooting my son's basketball games with my Canon 50D in Manual mode and Canon's EF-S 60mm f/2.8 with the following settings: Shutter = 1/250 Aperture = f2.8 ISO = 1600 WB = Auto Metering - Evaluative AF - AI Servo Shooting Mode = High-speed Continous I typically set behind the net and slightly off-center. 
lens cleaning kit would recommend l lens glass need special treatment	Treat s any high quality lens. Would suggest putting a b and w uv filter for protection
states full time manual focus mean auto focus	No, it does auto focus very well. No problems at all.
states full time manual focus mean auto focus	One can set it to auto or manual focus on the lens and it's easy to go from one to the other. 
lens come tripod collar	Yes, it does.
would okay attach canon dslr camera strap need extra cushioning back neck wearing camera around neck	Roseanne, I use this pad on 2 different camera bags for over-the-shoulder use. I just checked the width and it will work with the straps on my Canon T3i & Canon 70D. 
keep strap sliding shoulder tried many even ones grips slide	It help for me. Most straps slip from my shoulders. The advantage of this one is twofold: the rubber is very sticky AND it is wedge shaped. 
thinking getting 1st telephoto lens 70d difference lens canon 70300mm f456l usm ud	The canon 300mm F4 lens would be my choice as the lens to buy for a Canon 70D camera. Here's why. The 300 F4 is a fixed focal length prime lens. It has a fixed F4 aperture which means it has better image quality and will provide more light to your 70D sensor so you can take pix in low light. 
color pad looks black also looks dark brown	Black with off white cushion pad
work 2 wide strap	Works on my Timbuk2 which has a 2" wide strap.
12 inch cross body strap coach bag really kills shoulder think would fit strap wondering may	Yes. The strap is very wide. This is designed for comfort not style.
pad fit domke camera strap 112 wide	I would think so. Ly leather straps are 1 1/2" wide.
picture quality lens compared 200mm f28 know lighting better course 28 wanted get opinions	I don't have the 200 f/2.8, but I do have the 70-200 f/4, and the 300 f/4. The 300 is an excellent prime lens. 
stock 16 small 3 medium khaki colour item reference	Hello, we do not stock that quantity, but we can get them in 3 to 5 days. To coordinate purchase through Amazon please contact us at 1-800-900-6676. Thanks.
whut size	The size says large.
wear ladies medium size order	I think a man's small would work; very nice vest.
epauletes	Assuming I've understood you, there are no epaulettes on this item. The shoulders are undecorated.
expect khaki color christmas	we have it in stock. thank you.
hi could tell dimensions pad part thanks comparing deluxetm shoulder strap pad w molle top hazard 4r	10" long x 2 3/8" wide x 7/8" thick (at the thickest point).
sizes size lg xl etc	Well, I usually use a medium in shirts, jackets, etc., but I bought one of these in medium a year ago, and it is just too baggy. Yes, it does have a lot more room that way, I suppose, but I'm now in the market for a small. 
shirt jacket size comparable vest	From having tried the Medium and Large versions of this vest, I would say the sizes that Domke uses is the same as typical size metrics. I wear a medium shirt, and the medium vest fits me well. 
wear ladies medium size order	I think a man's small would work; very nice vest.
shirt jacket size comparable vest	From having tried the Medium and Large versions of this vest, I would say the sizes that Domke uses is the same as typical size metrics. I wear a medium shirt, and the medium vest fits me well. 
expect khaki color christmas	we have it in stock. thank you.
stock 16 small 3 medium khaki colour item reference	Hello, we do not stock that quantity, but we can get them in 3 to 5 days. To coordinate purchase through Amazon please contact us at 1-800-900-6676. Thanks.
sizes size lg xl etc	Well, I usually use a medium in shirts, jackets, etc., but I bought one of these in medium a year ago, and it is just too baggy. 
include speedring dlite	It has an elinchrom speedring As d-lite uses standard elinchrom Yes
dish perfectly round got one flat spot edge couple inches	Yes, my friend, is perfectly round. It may has a stroke or manufacturing defect.
would help focus stars astrophotography	Probably not. The Eyepiece Magnifier is designed to help help with fine focus rather than something as large as a star field. I doubt it would hurt anything but I also doubt it would help
dish work elinchrome ranger quadra portable like httpwwwamazoncomelinchromel10	Tina, yes this will work. You do need to have in addition to this the Elinchrom EL 26339 Ranger Quadra Reflector Adapter for EL Reflectors. 
epauletes	Assuming I've understood you, there are no epaulettes on this item. The shoulders are undecorated.
fit nikon d5100 useful macro focusing would also useful focusing objects away	It does help you focus however you cannot see the entire field unless you flip it up out of the way. So for stationary objects it will help. I have a D90 Nikon. I don't know if it will fit your eyepiece. You should look at the Nikon website.
fit nikon d7100 require adapter	This requires a DK-22 eyepiece adapter ($4.49) to mount on the D7100.
bought go d700 d5300 appear go either require adapter	requires DK-22 adapter
magnifier perform photographer wearing eyeglasses	What camera are you using it with. I originally purchased it for my D7000 Nikon and it did not fit lit It was sold to. So I have not used it with a camera. Make sure it fits your camera!
whut size	The size says large.
adapter necessary mounting	No - adapter is not needed. However, you will need to unscrew the eye piece - which has a rubber edge around the outside. 
hi know would equivalent item use canon thanks	Sorry, I've no idea.
cap fit d80	Yes
product work d3300	Yes, I believe it fits all Nikon DSLRs
work nikon d7100	Yes it works fine.
compatible d3200	Yes, this is compatible with that camera model. Here's proof from the Nikon website: http://www.nikonusa.com/en/Nikon-Products/Product/Eyepieces/DK-5-Eyepiece-Cap.html
fit nikon d5100 camera	Hello, this fit a Nikon D5200. I believe it will fit any D series 5000 and above.
include charger case battery	This is just for the battery. I think the ad copy is a little misleading as it shows the case and strap. 
buy receiving cell case thanks	The price is just for the battery. Not sure why Amazon chose to illustrate the whole battery case.
pack suddenly stopped working really don&acutet know cell working anybody know way check flash without cell	Leave the cell in the pack and plug in the charging cord into the cell the same way you would charge the cell, then plug the flash head into the pack and see if the head charges, then test fire the flash. 
product work d3100	Yes. I use it on a D5100, which is compatible, too.
fit nikon d5300	Http://imaging.nikon.com/lineup/dslr/d5300/spec.htm "supplied accessories ...... DK-5 Eyepiece Cap, .....
wide hold large 10 wide 35mm sleeves 6 frame strips	I'm going to say no. When closed, the 5 frame sleeves fit fine. I think the wider sleeves are likely to get pushed by the rings and deform.
dimensions	9 by 11 sheets in black to match the other archival sheets
ring size well seal dust moisture ring halves 'mate' smoothly misalign tear plastic sheets	Ring size is 1". The rings mate well for me, although I own just two of these boxes. Can't really address the dust sealing issue, as I really have little frame of reference. 
outside dimensions	Approximately 10.5 inches wide by 12 inches high by 2 inches deep. They are identical to the boxes sold by Light Impressions.
handle	No it does not have a handle, it is just a box. It is very durable, and nicely sized.
totally transparent meaning see contents front back	Yes. They are totally clear and could be used to make contact sheets. Usually product will say frosted if they are not 100% clear. Hope this helps.
many negativeslide sheets hold see dimension deep	The Binder box is about an inch and three quarters deep inside. The binder ring itself is about an inch and one eighth. 
many sleeves 18x24 itoya art profolio	24 sleeves, 48 page views
wondering anyone tell opens profile landscaped words 24 inches top bottom side side	It is portrait. 24" from top to bottom.
plus bonus free make image description	False advertising. We did not get anything extra with the portfolio.
picture description thought itoya ring binder individual pages like smaller ones already myyour mistake	No its glued..no rings..plus the original picture was different when i bought it..
many pages contain	I believe it has 24 pages with insert cards so you can view 48 pieces. Hope this helps. I was really impressed with the book. My son and I g to a lot of concerts and this seems like a perfect solution for poster storage. 
notice natural bend entire left side sleeve assured 18 x 24 print become damaged time folder	Your choices would be (I would think) to either store the portfolio flat or buy up to the next size. 
pages 18x24 description confusing	Yes, the Itoya Art Portfolio book has space for 48 18x24 prints.
someone please share pocket sizes inches thanks	There are no pockets. There are 3 sleeves ~10" long. IE you cut your negatives in strips of 4 if 2.25x2.25 or strips of 5 in 6cmx4.5cm.
many painted velv 16x20 need store much thicker regular picture fit ok sleeves	Yes&#65292;it was perfect&#65292;thanks
pages acicd proof	I bought them because they stated they were. I needed them to preserve some old newspaper pages.
many pages get order	You get 25 pages.
plastic papre acid free	Yes
product come slides mount frames seen image sleeve	Just sleeves for slides.
fit 6x9 negatives	Brian, For the 6X9 negatives, I use the style 120-4B. It fits 2 across just fine. Total of 8 per sheet. Thanks David
anyone trouble fitting binder like one customer stated binder 115 11 58	They worked just fine for me in a regular three ring notebook. The pages come right to the top and bottom of the notebook, but do not extend over the edges.
sheets archival quality	Yes, high quality.
anyone used sheets scan slides well work	I used these sheets to organize hundreds of slides before scanning. They worked well for that purpose. I was able to organize my slides in the order in which I wanted them scanned to a disc. 
hi filter fit canon xf100	I do not have a Canon XF100 Video Camcorder. If it has a 58mm lens with threads on lens so you can screw on a filter than yes this would work. I did a Google search for filters for the XF100 Camcorder and it looks like it should work.
come carry case filter	It comes with a huge plastic case, not able to fit easily in a pocket or anything. Good for storage at home only.
difference hoya 58cir hoya hmc expensive hmc give much better results justify price	Yes it does. I would never consider using a non-multi-coated filter on a digital camera. The reason is simple. The sensor has a flat glass protecting it (called a low-pass filter - LPF). Some light will bounce off the LPF and head out the lens.
archival photo pages good brand seller archival photo pages	www.printfile.com
hoya 86mm 86c thread pitch fit sigma 150500mm f563 af apo dg os hsm telephoto zoom lens	Not having this zoom lens, I cannot answer. If Sigma claims it needs an 85mm thread, it ought to work.
product work ani zoe books well creative memory scrapbooks	These pages are for 8 by 10 prints and go in 3 ring binders. I think creative memories uses a square format and a different binding style.
made	According to the Print File website, they are "High clarity 8 mil polypropylene" - hope that helps!
fit carl zeiss 50mm 14 planar good	Filter diameters specified for filters/lenses should be universal. So, yes, it should work if it accepts 58 mm filters.
fit nikon d3200	Nikon 3200 is a DSLR camera. You can ecuip it with many lanses. This particular filter can be screw on any lens (Nikon, Canon, Tamron and ets.) with 52mm tread on the front for filters. George
nc filter	As all the other answers illuminate, this filter serves to provide protection from fingerprints, smudges, dust, etc., for your camera's lens. Some clear filters even have a hardened coating to enhance impact protection. 
nikon d5100 type filter compatible nikon d5100	Compatibility isnt measured by the camera model but instead the lens, http://support.nikonusa.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/13987/~/using-nikon-filters-with-nikon-dslrs if you type in the lens size and model that you have on Nikon's website it will tell you which filters will fit on it. 
fit nikon d4200 1855mm lens	Well, I don't believe Nikon makes a D4200, but they do make a Nikkor 18-55 lens. If that is what you are talking about, yes, the filter size for that lens is 52mm. 
anyone know much filter weighs grams thank	Filter weighs 1.6 oz. One ounce = 28.3495231 grams, so the filter weighs (28.3495231 x 1.6) = 45.359237 grams.
purchased nikon 7100 camera afs nikor 18140mm 3546 ed lens 77mm filter fit lens others lens require different size purchase nikon 2470mm f28ed lens filter size	Many are 77 and many are not. Google the specs.
going fit lee cokin z pro system	I cannot answer this question. The filter fits SONY lenses and these are the only lenses I have. I would hope that all lenses have the same screw threads, but have no information on this.
works lens nikon 50mm f 14g	The filter size for this lens is 58mm. Any filter that size will work with this lens.
fit nikon p530	Michael, I do not believe your camera is capable of accepting screw on filters. You should be able to tell when you look at the front of the lens if there are threads or not. 
nikon shows 67mm clear filter product number 2288 website one	It is not the same as a 52mm. A 67mm fits the threaded end of a 67mm threaded lens. A 52mm fits the end of a 52mm threaded lens. 
difference hoya 58cir hoya hmc expensive hmc give much better results justify price	Yes it does. I would never consider using a non-multi-coated filter on a digital camera. The reason is simple. The sensor has a flat glass protecting it (called a low-pass filter - LPF). Some light will bounce off the LPF and head out the lens. 
come carry case filter	It comes with a huge plastic case, not able to fit easily in a pocket or anything. Good for storage at home only.
hi filter fit canon xf100	I do not have a Canon XF100 Video Camcorder. If it has a 58mm lens with threads on lens so you can screw on a filter than yes this would work. I did a Google search for filters for the XF100 Camcorder and it looks like it should work.
hoya 86mm 86c thread pitch fit sigma 150500mm f563 af apo dg os hsm telephoto zoom lens	Not having this zoom lens, I cannot answer. If Sigma claims it needs an 85mm thread, it ought to work.
going fit lee cokin z pro system	I cannot answer this question. The filter fits SONY lenses and these are the only lenses I have. I would hope that all lenses have the same screw threads, but have no information on this.
I I would like use cokin filter adapter ring use filter holder singh ray filters front front threads allow	No
come carry case filter	It comes with a huge plastic case, not able to fit easily in a pocket or anything. Good for storage at home only.
fit carl zeiss 50mm 14 planar good	Filter diameters specified for filters/lenses should be universal. So, yes, it should work if it accepts 58 mm filters.
hoya 86mm 86c thread pitch fit sigma 150500mm f563 af apo dg os hsm telephoto zoom lens	Not having this zoom lens, I cannot answer. If Sigma claims it needs an 85mm thread, it ought to work.
going fit lee cokin z pro system	I cannot answer this question. The filter fits SONY lenses and these are the only lenses I have. 
fit carl zeiss 50mm 14 planar good	Filter diameters specified for filters/lenses should be universal. So, yes, it should work if it accepts 58 mm filters.
work canon powershot sx 40 step 52mm adapter	Hi, I was not able to use this even on my Nikon. The distance between the lens and the adapter was too great to be functional. 
work box alone 55 micro nikkor 52mm front ff d700	Yes! The Nikon website lists the ES-1 52 mm Slide Copying Adapter as one of the accessories for the 55 mm Micro Nikkor f 2.8 lens. I have been using the slide adapter quite a lot recently - it is quick and easy
canon powershot sx camera cap fit filter well need different cap	You first need to buy this adapter: Canon FA-DC67A Then you can use 67mm filter.
best way clean filter gets fingerprints dust	I personally use microfiber cloth; make sure the cloth is clean and free from oils to begin with. I also used Kimberly-Clark EX-L delicate task wipers with eye-glasses cleaning solution as well.
would extremely helpful reviewers told us readers precisely lens using make difference	I have used this with the recommended Nikon DX 40 mm micro lens. It works perfectly with that if you are using a DX camera. 
anyone thickness frame excluding back thread section	I had the 52mm it is 5/16" thick. Oh ! it made in Japan. I did had a few 77mm but not Hoya. Hoya made a good filter but not the best one.
hi filter fit canon xf100	I do not have a Canon XF100 Video Camcorder. If it has a 58mm lens with threads on lens so you can screw on a filter than yes this would work. I did a Google search for filters for the XF100 Camcorder and it looks like it should work.
used nex7	By performing a Google Shopping search of 'nex7 uv filter' the items returning are almost all 49mm in diameter and you're inquiring about a 77mm filter.
hoya shmc uv filter vignetting 10mm wide 15mm 35mm equivalent anyone problem	I would refer you to this link http://www.kenrockwell.com/tokina/11-16mm.htm where it is recommended for use at 11mm. 
fit nikon d3200	Nikon 3200 is a DSLR camera. You can ecuip it with many lanses. 
nc filter	As all the other answers illuminate, this filter serves to provide protection from fingerprints, smudges, dust, etc., for your camera's lens. Some clear filters even have a hardened coating to enhance impact protection. 
anyone know much filter weighs grams thank	Filter weighs 1.6 oz. One ounce = 28.3495231 grams, so the filter weighs (28.3495231 x 1.6) = 45.359237 grams.
purchased nikon 7100 camera afs nikor 18140mm 3546 ed lens 77mm filter fit lens others lens require different size purchase nikon 2470mm f28ed lens filter size	Many are 77 and many are not. Google the specs.
I I would like use cokin filter adapter ring use filter holder singh ray filters front front threads allow	No
fit nikon d4200 1855mm lens	Well, I don't believe Nikon makes a D4200, but they do make a Nikkor 18-55 lens. 
nikon shows 67mm clear filter product number 2288 website one	It is not the same as a 52mm. A 67mm fits the threaded end of a 67mm threaded lens. A 52mm fits the end of a 52mm threaded lens. 
works lens nikon 50mm f 14g	The filter size for this lens is 58mm. Any filter that size will work with this lens.
fit nikon p530	Michael, I do not believe your camera is capable of accepting screw on filters. You should be able to tell when you look at the front of the lens if there are threads or not. 
nikon d5100 type filter compatible nikon d5100	Compatibility isnt measured by the camera model but instead the lens, http://support.nikonusa.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/13987/~/using-nikon-filters-with-nikon-dslrs if you type in the lens size and model that you have on Nikon's website it will tell you which filters will fit on it. 
hoya hmc uv0 hoya hmc super uv0 49mm filter made japan specifically one two want	The one I bought was a 77mm and it was a "C". I'm pleased with the performance and if you Google around you can find test data where it scored quite nicely. 
filtes difference hmc filter one hmc	Hoya Standard filters have one layer of anti-reflectant coating to each surface of the glass to suppress reflection and increase light transmission. 
difference hoya 58cir hoya hmc expensive hmc give much better results justify price	Yes it does. I would never consider using a non-multi-coated filter on a digital camera. 
product description says uv c yet picture uv	I checked my filter, I got a UV C.
title says 58mm picture says 72mm buy im buying 58mm	I got 58mm. But you should ask amazon first, it says it's 77mm on the picture...
dose outer rim turn independent use tulip shade	No! the filter has threads to attach it to the camera and threads tho screw another filteron top but nothing rotates
model currently made japan reading conflicting reviews recent want make sure switch models thanks	I have no idea. I will double check on the lens cover itself. I no longer have the box.
fit canon 70200 f28 ii	The filter ring size (i.e. 77mm) must match the lens ring size. So this could be a rhetorical question, if you already have the lens in your possession. 
filter fit canon sx50	no, there is no way to attach it to the front of the lens.
difference alpha filter	I believe the uv (c) is a slim filter.
hoya hmc uv0 hoya hmc super uv0 49mm filter made japan specifically one two want	The one I bought was a 77mm and it was a "C". I'm pleased with the performance and if you Google around you can find test data where it scored quite nicely. http://www.lenstip.com/113.4-article-UV_filters_test_Description_of_the_results_and_summary.html
dose outer rim turn independent use tulip shade	No! the filter has threads to attach it to the camera and threads tho screw another filteron top but nothing rotates
filtes difference hmc filter one hmc	Hoya Standard filters have one layer of anti-reflectant coating to each surface of the glass to suppress reflection and increase light transmission. HMC (Hoya Multi-Coated) have 3 layers of anti-reflectant coatings on each surface to reduce average reflection down to 3.0% or less. Hoya S-HMC (Super HMC) also have 6 layers of anti-reflectant coatings. Finally, the Super HMC PRO 1 is made of thinner glass (only 1mm thick), also with 6 layers of anti-reflectant coatings bonded to each surface of the glass.
hmc uvc hmc uv0 clarify title says uv0 description says uvc	Sorry, HMC UVC
filter fit canon sx50	no, there is no way to attach it to the front of the lens.
model currently made japan reading conflicting reviews recent want make sure switch models thanks	I have no idea. I will double check on the lens cover itself. I no longer have the box.
difference alpha filter	I believe the uv (c) is a slim filter.
many fstops decrease	Three stops of light for an ND8
fit canon 70200 f28 ii	The filter ring size (i.e. 77mm) must match the lens ring size. So this could be a rhetorical question, if you already have the lens in your possession. If not, 'mouse over' the on-line lens picture and look for the ring size. 
difference nd8 ndx8	Same thing. Actually the ND8 reduces 3 stops of light, and it's the most common ND filter purchased.
fit canon t3i	This was a gift for my father who is an avid photographer. I passed your question along to him and he said: A lens filter fits on a lens not on a particular camera (the T3i is a camera). 
product description says uv c yet picture uv	I checked my filter, I got a UV C.
would fit mark iii eos 5d thanks	It will fit any lens which accepts this size filter.
filter stackable size filter want stack filters like uv filter filters need different sizes	Yes, this is stackable with a similar sized filter. Keep an eye out for reduction in Image Quality.
title says 58mm picture says 72mm buy im buying 58mm	I got 58mm. But you should ask amazon first, it says it's 77mm on the picture...
nd2 nd4 nd 8 set 77 mm	No
fit nikon 50 mm 14 lens	I don't know,probably not. 50mm 1.4 lens needs 58mm filter size
canon powershot sx camera cap fit filter well need different cap	You first need to buy this adapter: Canon FA-DC67A Then you can use 67mm filter.
fit canon sx40 fixed lens canon adaptor ring	This 67mm filter is supposed to be the right size for the 67mm adapter issued by canon for that model. I have not tried it myself to verify that it works.
best way clean filter gets fingerprints dust	I personally use microfiber cloth; make sure the cloth is clean and free from oils to begin with. I also used Kimberly-Clark EX-L delicate task wipers with eye-glasses cleaning solution as well.
anyone thickness frame excluding back thread section	I had the 52mm it is 5/16" thick. Oh ! it made in Japan. I did had a few 77mm but not Hoya. Hoya made a good filter but not the best one.
used nex7	By performing a Google Shopping search of 'nex7 uv filter' the items returning are almost all 49mm in diameter and you're inquiring about a 77mm filter.
hoya shmc uv filter vignetting 10mm wide 15mm 35mm equivalent anyone problem	I would refer you to this link http://www.kenrockwell.com/tokina/11-16mm.htm where it is recommended for use at 11mm. 
work nikkor 50 mm 18 afs	This lens requires a 58mm filter size but the correct size will certainly fit. The filter seems to be truly neutral and allows a much slower shutter or larger aperture in bright conditions.
canon powershot sx camera cap fit filter well need different cap	You first need to buy this adapter: Canon FA-DC67A Then you can use 67mm filter.
best way clean filter gets fingerprints dust	I personally use microfiber cloth; make sure the cloth is clean and free from oils to begin with. 
anyone thickness frame excluding back thread section	I had the 52mm it is 5/16" thick. Oh ! it made in Japan. I did had a few 77mm but not Hoya. 
used nex7	By performing a Google Shopping search of 'nex7 uv filter' the items returning are almost all 49mm in diameter and you're inquiring about a 77mm filter. 
hoya 52mm nd8 fit canon ef 85mmf18 1755mm kit lense sure one get	Each lens has a diameter, and you need the correctly sized filter for that diameter, so it really depends on your lenses... For example, my kit lens takes 58mm. 
hoya shmc uv filter vignetting 10mm wide 15mm 35mm equivalent anyone problem	I would refer you to this link http://www.kenrockwell.com/tokina/11-16mm.htm where it is recommended for use at 11mm. Don't know if this totally answers the 10mm question but at least its a start.
hmc uvc hmc uv0 clarify title says uv0 description says uvc	Sorry, HMC UVC
filter fit canon sx50	no, there is no way to attach it to the front of the lens.
product description says uv c yet picture uv	I checked my filter, I got a UV C.
hoya hmc uv0 hoya hmc super uv0 49mm filter made japan specifically one two want	The one I bought was a 77mm and it was a "C". I'm pleased with the performance and if you Google around you can find test data where it scored quite nicely. 
dose outer rim turn independent use tulip shade	No! the filter has threads to attach it to the camera and threads tho screw another filteron top but nothing rotates
title says 58mm picture says 72mm buy im buying 58mm	I got 58mm. But you should ask amazon first, it says it's 77mm on the picture...
model currently made japan reading conflicting reviews recent want make sure switch models thanks	I have no idea. I will double check on the lens cover itself. I no longer have the box.
fit canon 70200 f28 ii	The filter ring size (i.e. 77mm) must match the lens ring size. So this could be a rhetorical question, if you already have the lens in your possession. 
difference alpha filter	I believe the uv (c) is a slim filter.
filtes difference hmc filter one hmc	Hoya Standard filters have one layer of anti-reflectant coating to each surface of the glass to suppress reflection and increase light transmission. 
fit 6x9 negatives	This works very well for 6x9 cm film. Each row will hold two 6x9 frames, so you can fit an entire roll of 120 on 1-sheet (8 frames of 6x9). I use this for both my 6x9 and 6x4.5 film.
put negatives sides page one side also size album fit	It's just like a page protector. The negatives slide into it and can be viewed from both sides of the page. I used a regular 8 1/2 x 11 notebook binder.
looks like page 4 slots actual dimensions slot	Not sure what the measurements are, but each slot will hold a strip of three 2 1/4 by 2 1/4 inch negatives, as shown in the photo.
come carry case filter	It comes with a huge plastic case, not able to fit easily in a pocket or anything. Good for storage at home only.
hoya 86mm 86c thread pitch fit sigma 150500mm f563 af apo dg os hsm telephoto zoom lens	Not having this zoom lens, I cannot answer. If Sigma claims it needs an 85mm thread, it ought to work.
going fit lee cokin z pro system	I cannot answer this question. The filter fits SONY lenses and these are the only lenses I have. I would hope that all lenses have the same screw threads, but have no information on this.
fit carl zeiss 50mm 14 planar good	Filter diameters specified for filters/lenses should be universal. So, yes, it should work if it accepts 58 mm filters.
canon powershot sx camera cap fit filter well need different cap	You first need to buy this adapter: Canon FA-DC67A Then you can use 67mm filter.
hi filter fit canon xf100	I do not have a Canon XF100 Video Camcorder. If it has a 58mm lens with threads on lens so you can screw on a filter than yes this would work. I did a Google search for filters for the XF100 Camcorder and it looks like it should work.
best way clean filter gets fingerprints dust	I personally use microfiber cloth; make sure the cloth is clean and free from oils to begin with. 
anyone thickness frame excluding back thread section	I had the 52mm it is 5/16" thick. Oh ! it made in Japan. I did had a few 77mm but not Hoya. Hoya made a good filter but not the best one.
used nex7	By performing a Google Shopping search of 'nex7 uv filter' the items returning are almost all 49mm in diameter and you're inquiring about a 77mm filter. 
difference hoya 58cir hoya hmc expensive hmc give much better results justify price	Yes it does. I would never consider using a non-multi-coated filter on a digital camera. The reason is simple. The sensor has a flat glass protecting it (called a low-pass filter - LPF). Some light will bounce off the LPF and head out the lens. 
put regulator position 110 volts many volts 110 volts could accept without correction	In the 110VAC position, it will float from about 96.5VAC to 116.5VAC without doing any correction. Over 116.5, it will Trim 10% off whatever voltage it is fed. Below 96.5, it will Boost 20% to whatever voltage it gets. It does this by changing the tap on the internal transformer. Good Luck!
hoya shmc uv filter vignetting 10mm wide 15mm 35mm equivalent anyone problem	I would refer you to this link http://www.kenrockwell.com/tokina/11-16mm.htm where it is recommended for use at 11mm. 
apc liner 1200va line conditioner wavr protect wireless router &amp hd tv run coleman pm 5000 watt genarator 16 21 % dht	It will, but I wouldn't rely on it completely just because there are so many voltage output issues with portable gasoline generators. 
device offer sure protection attached surge protector problems using powerstrip electronics	I run 3 power strips off this beast. And boy does it work. Power was so unstable at my apartment my computer would crash daily. Now it never crashes.
connect regulator using upsconnect a120v wall outlet connect ups regulator connect av regulator	Yes
220v	No
weight	9.77 lbs. written on the box. 
many outlets	It has 4 outlets on the back.
need voltage regulator refrigerator mexico received documentation said ac motors electronics gives	My guess is that the motor will draw to much amperage and overheat the regulator. Electronics pull very little amperage compared to motors. Good Day to you.
fit canon t3i	This was a gift for my father who is an avid photographer. I passed your question along to him and he said: A lens filter fits on a lens not on a particular camera (the T3i is a camera). 
difference nd8 ndx8	Same thing. Actually the ND8 reduces 3 stops of light, and it's the most common ND filter purchased.
filter stackable size filter want stack filters like uv filter filters need different sizes	Yes, this is stackable with a similar sized filter. Keep an eye out for reduction in Image Quality.
device getting fluctuating values 105106v 110v setting roughly others experiencing regulating	Mine has been rock solid at 110v. My source voltage varies between 121v and 128v so correction is always on. 
would fit mark iii eos 5d thanks	It will fit any lens which accepts this size filter.
expensive flat screen tv's main board blown twice since I owned kind product help protect	It can't do anything but help. I saw a flat panel's power supply inoperative because of inferior Chinese capacitors that had domed up, and it came back fine with new caps.  
nd2 nd4 nd 8 set 77 mm	No
fit nikon 50 mm 14 lens	I don't know,probably not. 50mm 1.4 lens needs 58mm filter size
many fstops decrease	Three stops of light for an ND8
fit canon sx40 fixed lens canon adaptor ring	This 67mm filter is supposed to be the right size for the 67mm adapter issued by canon for that model. I have not tried it myself to verify that it works.
fit nikon d3200	Nikon 3200 is a DSLR camera. You can ecuip it with many lanses. 
nikon d5100 type filter compatible nikon d5100	Compatibility isnt measured by the camera model but instead the lens, http://support.nikonusa.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/13987/~/using-nikon-filters-with-nikon-dslrs if you type in the lens size and model that you have on Nikon's website it will tell you which filters will fit on it. 
fit nikon d4200 1855mm lens	Well, I don't believe Nikon makes a D4200, but they do make a Nikkor 18-55 lens. If that is what you are talking about, yes, the filter size for that lens is 52mm. 
anyone know much filter weighs grams thank	Filter weighs 1.6 oz. One ounce = 28.3495231 grams, so the filter weighs (28.3495231 x 1.6) = 45.359237 grams.
purchased nikon 7100 camera afs nikor 18140mm 3546 ed lens 77mm filter fit lens others lens require different size purchase nikon 2470mm f28ed lens filter size	Many are 77 and many are not. Google the specs.
hoya 52mm nd8 fit canon ef 85mmf18 1755mm kit lense sure one get	Each lens has a diameter, and you need the correctly sized filter for that diameter, so it really depends on your lenses... For example, my kit lens takes 58mm. 
nc filter	As all the other answers illuminate, this filter serves to provide protection from fingerprints, smudges, dust, etc., for your camera's lens. Some clear filters even have a hardened coating to enhance impact protection. UV/Haze filters or Skylight filters are/were used on photographic film cameras as color film reacts to UV wavelength light. 
I I would like use cokin filter adapter ring use filter holder singh ray filters front front threads allow	No
works lens nikon 50mm f 14g	The filter size for this lens is 58mm. Any filter that size will work with this lens.
nikon shows 67mm clear filter product number 2288 website one	It is not the same as a 52mm. A 67mm fits the threaded end of a 67mm threaded lens. A 52mm fits the end of a 52mm threaded lens. Y
fit nikon p530	Michael, I do not believe your camera is capable of accepting screw on filters. You should be able to tell when you look at the front of the lens if there are threads or not. 
work nikkor 50 mm 18 afs	This lens requires a 58mm filter size but the correct size will certainly fit. The filter seems to be truly neutral and allows a much slower shutter or larger aperture in bright conditions.
hoya hmc uv0 hoya hmc super uv0 49mm filter made japan specifically one two want	The one I bought was a 77mm and it was a "C". 
filter fit canon sx50	no, there is no way to attach it to the front of the lens.
hmc uvc hmc uv0 clarify title says uv0 description says uvc	Sorry, HMC UVC
product description says uv c yet picture uv	I checked my filter, I got a UV C.
title says 58mm picture says 72mm buy im buying 58mm	I got 58mm. But you should ask amazon first, it says it's 77mm on the picture...
fit canon 70200 f28 ii	The filter ring size (i.e. 77mm) must match the lens ring size. So this could be a rhetorical question, if you already have the lens in your possession. 
model currently made japan reading conflicting reviews recent want make sure switch models thanks	I have no idea. I will double check on the lens cover itself. I no longer have the box.
difference alpha filter	I believe the uv (c) is a slim filter.
filtes difference hmc filter one hmc	Hoya Standard filters have one layer of anti-reflectant coating to each surface of the glass to suppress reflection and increase light transmission. HMC (Hoya Multi-Coated) have 3 layers of anti-reflectant coatings on each surface to reduce average reflection down to 3.0% or less.
dose outer rim turn independent use tulip shade	No! the filter has threads to attach it to the camera and threads tho screw another filteron top but nothing rotates
also lens used nikon d5200 correct	As long as your Nikon camera has the bayonet coupling as any other Nikon does, YES. This lens should work in ALL Nikon cameras. 
good night vision lens	I am not quite sure what you mean. Can you clarify your question? Do you mean to ask if this is a good lens for low light conditions?
looking nikon 50mm 12 lens film body nikon f3 nikon f5 use	Yes. Virtually all Nikon lenses work on all Nikon bodies, digital or film.
lens compatible d3300	Yes. It is manual focus. Spectacular lens. It will appear as a 75mm lens on your camera. This is a lot of lens for the 3300
would like know aperture priority shutter priority modes could used lens think cannot used want sure	Hello George: If your DSLR allows ( most pro and semi pro do) then you can use the aperture priority mode and set the f stop on the lens with the camera setting the shutter speed. 
lens compatible d3100	I don't believe that the D3100 has a non-cpu setup for AI/AIS lenses, so it probably will only work in manual mode and all the metering done by the user.
lens compatible nikon d5300	Yes.
I confused item code states focus lens nikon digital slr cameras product description state digital slr cameras	THIS LENS' COMPATABILITY BY DSLR MODEL (SEE FULL ANSWER) Yes, this lens will work with many digital SLRs...with caveats: 1. This is a non-autofocus lens so you'll be focusing manually. The precision-engineered helicoid is silky-smooth and a pleasure to use. Addictive! 2. Most post-1978 SLRs use a laser-cut focus screen (vs. old-fashioned ground glass) that makes it VERY hard to nail precise focus. I use "Live View" with this lens on Nikon DSLRs. 
nikkon 7100 compatible	Yes of course only manual and you must configure the non cpu lenses from the menu of the d7100 ,amazing lens.
hoya hmc uv0 hoya hmc super uv0 49mm filter made japan specifically one two want	The one I bought was a 77mm and it was a "C". I'm pleased with the performance and if you Google around you can find test data where it scored quite nicely. http://www.lenstip.com/113.4-article-UV_filters_test_Description_of_the_results_and_summary.html
lense used nikon 3200	Yes
hmc uvc hmc uv0 clarify title says uv0 description says uvc	Sorry, HMC UVC
filter fit canon sx50	no, there is no way to attach it to the front of the lens.
dose outer rim turn independent use tulip shade	No! the filter has threads to attach it to the camera and threads tho screw another filteron top but nothing rotates
product description says uv c yet picture uv	I checked my filter, I got a UV C.
title says 58mm picture says 72mm buy im buying 58mm	I got 58mm. But you should ask amazon first, it says it's 77mm on the picture...
model currently made japan reading conflicting reviews recent want make sure switch models thanks	I have no idea. I will double check on the lens cover itself. I no longer have the box.
fit canon 70200 f28 ii	The filter ring size (i.e. 77mm) must match the lens ring size. So this could be a rhetorical question, if you already have the lens in your possession. If not, 'mouse over' the on-line lens picture and look for the ring size. 
filtes difference hmc filter one hmc	Hoya Standard filters have one layer of anti-reflectant coating to each surface of the glass to suppress reflection and increase light transmission. HMC (Hoya Multi-Coated) have 3 layers of anti-reflectant coatings on each surface to reduce average reflection down to 3.0% or less. 
dose outer rim turn independent use tulip shade	No! the filter has threads to attach it to the camera and threads tho screw another filteron top but nothing rotates
hmc uvc hmc uv0 clarify title says uv0 description says uvc	Sorry, HMC UVC
filter fit canon sx50	no, there is no way to attach it to the front of the lens.
product description says uv c yet picture uv	I checked my filter, I got a UV C.
title says 58mm picture says 72mm buy im buying 58mm	I got 58mm. But you should ask amazon first, it says it's 77mm on the picture...
difference alpha filter	I believe the uv (c) is a slim filter.
model currently made japan reading conflicting reviews recent want make sure switch models thanks	I have no idea. I will double check on the lens cover itself. I no longer have the box.
difference alpha filter	I believe the uv (c) is a slim filter.
hoya hmc uv0 hoya hmc super uv0 49mm filter made japan specifically one two want	The one I bought was a 77mm and it was a "C". 
hmc uvc hmc uv0 clarify title says uv0 description says uvc	Sorry, HMC UVC
filter fit canon sx50	no, there is no way to attach it to the front of the lens.
product description says uv c yet picture uv	I checked my filter, I got a UV C.
fit canon 70200 f28 ii	The filter ring size (i.e. 77mm) must match the lens ring size. So this could be a rhetorical question, if you already have the lens in your possession. If not, 'mouse over' the on-line lens picture and look for the ring size. 
title says 58mm picture says 72mm buy im buying 58mm	I got 58mm. But you should ask amazon first, it says it's 77mm on the picture...
difference alpha filter	I believe the uv (c) is a slim filter.
model currently made japan reading conflicting reviews recent want make sure switch models thanks	I have no idea. I will double check on the lens cover itself. I no longer have the box.
phones supplied 35mm plug	Don't know numbers, but they have both plugs, small for small hole females like laptops and large for larger holes like stereos.
plug work airplanes	Yes it will work on the airplane audio jacks
long cord	all together the cord is about 6 feet long
work android smart phones	The headphones are not Bluetooth connecting, but with a traditional wire connection, they work with PC, tablet or smartphone.
printer specs item	There is no reason to include printer specs with these headphone. They are just that, stereo headphones. They have nothing to do with printers.
use headsets iphone 5s	The 2 ring stero jack on the Sony headphone appears to be identical to Canri ear buds(2 ring stero) that wil fit an ipod. The jack size is approx 9/16 in length and approximately 1/8 in diameter. The Sony headphones may work if an ipod headphone set will work on your iphone....depends on the input size of your iphone.
plug mp3 player need adaptor	it plugs into my Phillips mp3 with no adaptor needed
come case	No it does not
fit dcrdvd7 handycam minidvd manual says 10pin connector	Hi Ruth, DCR-DVD7 cable is not compatible on the Sony DCR-DVD7 Camcorder. VMC-15FS is the compatible a/v cable for your camcorder. -Vincent
fold small enough go shirt pocket	No
item dv inout work sony dcrtrv18 thanks	Hi Raul, this cable is not compatible with the DCRTRV18 camcorder. The camcorder does not have a port to plug in the cable. Thanks_Mitch
cable fit sony dcr trv480 digital 8 camcorder	Hi G. Porter, No. It's not compatible with DCRTRV480. -Anthony
hi cable work sony handycam 8mm dcrtrv520 ntsc	no it did not
cable fit sony handycam digital 8mm tapes mega pixel video camera	It's fit, but what I needed was the original cable that came with the camera for a good connection to convert the tapes to DVD.
hi cable compatible sony hdrpj260v	Hi Jairo, this A/V cable is compatible on the Sony HDR-PJ260V Camcorder. -Vincent
idea id\f fit sharp camcorder vlz3u using av port	Hi, this Sony audio cable connects your camcorder to an AV-equipped TV or VCR. Camcorder should have a 10-pin Audio/Video Remote connection. You may check you Sharp camcorder if it supports 10-pin connectors. -Ely
cable fit sony camera needs mini hdmi cable	I should work with handycams like HDR-CX220/L or the HDR-CX230/B. The handycam must have SD output support along with an hdmi port.
cable fit sony hd avchd handycam hdr cx240	Sorry, but I do not know.
enclose ears press cannot tell big	No. They sit on the ear. When loud others can hear it.
fit sony cx230 handycam	Sorry, I'm not familiar with that model.
hmc uvc hmc uv0 clarify title says uv0 description says uvc	Sorry, HMC UVC
filter fit canon sx50	no, there is no way to attach it to the front of the lens.
dose outer rim turn independent use tulip shade	No! the filter has threads to attach it to the camera and threads tho screw another filteron top but nothing rotates
product description says uv c yet picture uv	I checked my filter, I got a UV C.
title says 58mm picture says 72mm buy im buying 58mm	I got 58mm. But you should ask amazon first, it says it's 77mm on the picture...
fit canon 70200 f28 ii	The filter ring size (i.e. 77mm) must match the lens ring size. So this could be a rhetorical question, if you already have the lens in your possession. If not, 'mouse over' the on-line lens picture and look for the ring size. Good Luck - My Hoya filters have never failed.
model currently made japan reading conflicting reviews recent want make sure switch models thanks	I have no idea. I will double check on the lens cover itself. I no longer have the box.
difference alpha filter	I believe the uv (c) is a slim filter.
need run audio stereo receiver via 14 gauge speaker wire another stereo receiver device need	Yes, this device should work to turn the high powered output into a normal signal-level output that you could run to a receiver.
may use add subwoofer old 2 channel receiver receiver 4 speaker level outputs a&ampb	Yes, Should work Just Fine For that.
converter control remote function amp typical amp installations allow amp power control head unit's state	No it doesn't
sub ampdo need adjustableone theseor one comes audjstment	iIt don't matter they will both work.
work hook one sub amp factory radio	Yes just hook up one channel
would much appreciated anyone could send wiring diagramshigh low converter hla600	I had the same problem. Was yours clear when you got it? Mine is solid black. Blue-remote Red-power Yellow(-) green (+)- right speaker White/gray(-) brown(+)- left speaker Black- ground I just bought mine and had no directions so I called the supplier.
mount rack horizontally	You could but you would have to get a bungie or some type of elastic strap to hold the movie cases in place so they don't fall out. It is fine when it is in vertical position as the movie cases lay flat and they hold themselves in place
work hook pair wired speakers rca jacks tv	The RCA jacks on your tv must be sound output otherwise you will not hear anything.
slots wide blu ray discs well lot left space slot use blu ray instead dvd format	Blue ray cases are too small for this.... But the same company makes CD racks... Those might work better for a blue ray case. 
slots wide tall enough hold dvds slip covers	Yes , you should have no problem with that. I have many DVDs with slip covers in mine
depth rack	Rack is 20 inches deep/long if used horizontally. Other dimensions are 8-1/4 inches by 4 inches.
hold ps4 games	Dont waste your money on this one.
feet removable unit mounted wall thanks	The foot piece is separate from the wall mount. In order to mount it on the wall you have to omit the foot piece.
2005 chevy malibu maxx hatchback style speaker wire back even splice would next efficent	there are 2 sets of wires for left and right, meaning when hooked up if you tap the left and right rear speakers you should get both equal outputs and they should be full range for the amp. 
freestand wall mount	You could lay it on it's "back" as a table rack but I think it is too "tippy" to stand up on end without support.
mount second tower first looks like screw holes top	No
mount horizontally wall instead vertically	No
work cd dvd	You can use for both if they're in jewel cased
dimensions large bag	31cm x 28 cm. I dont have it in inches, I'm from the Netherlands ;)
dimensions	Laid out flat it's 11in by 10in. Hope that helps.
many rolls film hold	The large bag holds thirty-five rolls of 35mm film.
could use protect iso 3200 film xrays airport security	Yes. But they will absolutely want to look trough the bag manually. Best to mention is before xray if possible. I used it for ISO 1600 and all went well.
disassemble traveling much reduce product dimention	Prabakar, The unit comes in one piece. It does not come apart. A great product small & fits anywhere. But not to travel with this item.
used laying back wall mounting	it can be used laying on its back. And it does come with wall mounting stuff. But it will only hold CDs not DVDs
speaker mounted underside elevated deck upside	Not upside down as the sound comes out near the top. You could have the lower 3/4ths of it below the deck through a hole.
related it&acutes dimensions indicated 12 x 105 31cm x 28cm place two bulcks boxes 100&acute 35mm rolls film	Don't know...Have not tried it & do not have bespoke boxes. Sorry can not help.
impedance satellite speakers hooked use sub dual voice coil 8 ohm left 8 ohm right	I would recommend to better understand the system; read the spec/info sheet at http://www.ticcorp.com/omni_subwoofer_gs50.htm. The spec is "8 Ohm Impedance to 2x 4 running satellites" Or maybe call one of their tech support people.
dose rca port connect reciever	Unfortunately it does not. It is configured for speaker hardwiring only but pretty sure you can find an adapter that does the trick for you.
pls confirm sub woofer sold per pair per piece	Sold as one sub an u can connect two midrange speakers to it witch are sold separately
connect tic subwoofer speakers amplifier	Stereo left and right channel out goes to sub and the sub comes with 2 30ft line out speaker wire, that connects to the left and right speaker and the sub acts like a crossover and takes the bass and shoots out highs and mids to the speaker.
nikon eos rebel t3i mount face table	It would...if Nikon made a Rebel. :) It's a standard camera thread, so it should fit all camera bodies.
hello need add sub amp receiver sub	No, it's passive. Take your left and right speaker wires from receiver to the sub, then go from the sub to your left and right speakers. Hope that helps!
tri pod adjusted shoot horizonal vertical	NO!!! it will NOT support a mid or heavy camera, not anything over 1lb. 
come bag	No it does not.
tripod work spotting scopes specifically leupold ventana 1545x60mm spotting scope	The mounting plate is 1/4 inch screw, 20 thread. One reviewer for the scope stated it could be mounted on either large or small tripods. 
tripod fluid pan	No
bag stretched enough accomodate fresh fruits medium apples large pears food must xrayed work	Not really. One apple, maybe two, and some grapes around them.
adjust tripod shoot pictures looking	Absolutely. The Sunpak 620-080 has multiple adjustments and shooting positions including vertically up or straight down.
use tripod canon rebel xs	No absolutely not, that camera is too heavy for this tripod, the leg handles will break under the weight.
fit sunpak 6000 pg tripod	No. This does not fit the 6000 PG. The base of the plate for the 6000 PG needs to be at least 1 5/8" x 1 5/8".
fit quantaray monopod	no it wont I bought this and it didnt fit and I could return it
fit 6400 ut also call platinum plus sunpak	Yes it does... I have the same tripod as you do
fit platinum plus 620 dx thanks advance	If the square recess in the head (where the widest part of the piece clears) is 1 3/8 or 35mm square, then this will fit. Go measure it, now.
work sunpak platinum plus 7500 tripod	I don't think it will because of the shape of the quick release plate. Sorry.
okay get sunpak 620080 dolica st500 used canon t3i telephoto lens thanks	Neither, both employ the same faulty leg extension locks, the plastic handles will break over just a short time. 
used tripod third time screw tightening legs broke happen new item	This is called infant mortality in manufacturing. A certain percent of manufactured items die in the first year. That is why it is stupid to buy extended warranties. 
part fit qsx1099 know proper part thanks advance	I have a Sunpak 6601UT and the quick release plate works with it. I do not know about the QXS1099
camcorder stolen quick release still attached need release work sunpak ultrapro 423	Not being familiar with this particular tripod I cannot answer this for the specific unit. However, if you measure the opening on the tripod you should be able to determine if it will work. 
fit 7000tm tripod	YES
many inches adapter add height tripod	I measured 4 1/2 inches additional height.
fit sunpak 8001 ut	Sorry Bob I don't know all of the tripods I'm an end user. My tripod is a Sunpak 6400 UT
noticed adaptor fits pcf anyone know certain fit pcfwp model binoculars	It does indeed fit a PCF-WP II, but takes a little manipulation to tighten it enough to not rotate about the axis of the adaptor.
pentax tripod adapter work marine pentax 7x50 binocular	I have no idea but you should be able to check on the Pentax web site.
work 10x50 dcf sp glasses	It fits the Pentax 65808 PCF II 10x50 Waterproof Binocular...but not sure if this helps.
smooth tilt panning operation want jerky	It is very small and not steady... Please don't go with this one.
finepix s4200 digital camera fit tripod	I believe almost all cameras use the standard screw mount for attaching to a tripod. I can't answer 100%, but I would be very surprised if your particular camera wasn't compatible.
I tried find answer fit 6600dx	No
used canon vixia hf r 50 model	NO, it will not support the weight of a VIXIA. Already tried and the leg extension handle locks broke.
hello come bag thanks	No it does come with two head pads though....
hi nikon d80 18 200mm lens tippy	No that's way too heavy for this tripod, already tried it.
canon sx230 hs fit tripod	Yes It will ,And Basically Any Light Camera, But you do have to remember that the tripod by itself is uncomfortable to "short " to use
bear weight benq gp20 projector 15kg	Keep in mind that the actual tripod structure can bear this weight. However, the clamps to adjust the angle of the tripod may not be able to bear the weight.
remove head	I believe you are talking about the quick release head. Theres a lever on the side of the head. 
mount iphone tripod need special adapter	You will need an adapter. Amazon sells them
compatible 8mm video cassette	No it is not.
work mini cassette tapes	No it works with vhsc video cassettes.
please advise product may need 8mm cassetes	I had to bring them to a photo converting company.
mini video cassett tapes 2 12 x 1 34 adapter work tapes vhsc tape	for Hi8
adapter convert 8mm video cassettes adapter convert 8mm video cassettes	I would like to know that also. I need one for 8mm casettes. If this does it then I will purchase it.
5d	sorry do not understand your question
mini dv tape fit adaptor	I do not believe so. This product is made for VHS-C tape which is a little thicker. The Mini DV tape looks thinner so highly suspect this is not what you want. 
vpt 240 size mention seem match mine 32 cm x 37 cm recess sound like would work	It works.
please give dimensions release plate want know fits vivitar vpt 120	Roughly 3.2 cm x 4.2 cm. It fits my VPT-240, though it only goes in one way.
quantray qsx ez pro monopod	No
hi fit vivitar mx 1000 thank	You need the QRP-1246 release plate for the MX 1000.
plate attach bottom camera single screwin hole nikon	Yes, the screw is pretty standard with a spring loaded button next to it. I believe it wIll fit almost any female fitting found on optic products. 
wii fit vista explorer 60	I don't know I bought one for a consumer tripod
price	Hi, thanks for your question. Because this tripod is temporarily out of stock, we're unable to view any information relating to it's price. You can click on the "E-mail Me" button on the top right-hand side of the Product Page, to be notified when this item is back in stock. You'll be able to view the price then. 
hi fit vivitar v3000 tripod	Hi Maria: I don't believe it will fit. I think you need a QB-4W or if you can find the Viviatar original it is a VPT-2400. 
plate fit vivitar vpt 360 tripod	It fits VPT 240, don't know about 360
true fluid head	it sure feels like it. I've found it to always have good motion.
use dslr nikon d800	yeah totally. When I first got mine, I got it for my Sony V1U (this was many years back). Sony V1U is 3X the size of the D800. 
comes tripod older reviews say comes extra quick release plate dolly still true thanks phil	Hi Phil: I bought mine some time ago. It came with the complete tripod, an extra quick release plate but no dolly. 
got works great cannot seem detach head tripod put slider certain way	Bonjour an dessous de la tte ils y a une poignet ils faut la deviser
tilt horizon ie aim top cliff valley	Yes it does.
38 x16 tread thought fit 14 x 20how work	The 3/8 inch screw refers to the screw holding the tripod head onto the tripod legs. The screw on the quick release plate is the normal 1/4" x 20 screw for the camera base.
standard quick release plate fit manfrotto 501pl standard	I would not recommend this. Very unstable and heavy. Especially the head holder is very hard to maintain the balance.
fluid head detach put slider 38 hole slider 38s screw	Yes there is a 3/8s hole.
work vivitar240	Yes
work range finder notcould tell need	The Stroboframe Shoe bracket is made to fit on certain stroboframe brackets, and this part is actually where you mount the flash itself. 
bracketlocating pin model 300sho similar model 300405 pin goodbad mounting speedlights	The pin doesn't have any effect on what light you put in the bracket. It affects what you are mounting the bracket to.
inexcusably small photo piece photo equipment truly quality item	The authentic one is quality.
stroboframe bracket shoe mount item model number 300sho concerned shorting 600exrt	I have no problem with the bracket shoe mount. I use two of them on 2 diffrent tripods and have no issues.
black thumb screw screws hole center idea anyone would	I have no idea? Maybe to protect it when not in use?
work sb700 manfrotto umbrella 026 adaptor starting ocf buying first set	I have the adapter and bought the stroboframe bracket shoe as well but that was a mistake because the Stroboframe shoe mount has a notch underneath not shown in the picture that hinders it from being useful. Get the Vello brand shoe mount!!
anyone used connect directv box feed dish feed dish different room running 50ft coax directv reciever	I run a signal from my dish receiver to a tv in another room and it works just fine. Crystal clear and the remote works too i just have to take the dish remote into the room with me
use connect another cable ready tv cable box	if your tv has av (red, white, and yellow) output it will work. Mine does
anyone used transmitter room fios supplied router device seems destroy wifi connection speeds	I have to unplug my wifi router in order to use the Terk. Yes, pain in butt if I want to watch tv in the kitchen. 
fakes easy discern packaged flashpoint stroboframe packaging	Hello there. Mine (02) came in little plastic bags with the Stroboframe Logo on it. 
connect	RCA plugs on tv or cable box....you can see the connection in the pics of product....google rca plugs
watch different channel I watching program main tv set wife watch different cable channel another tv	You have to watch the same cable channel. Basically you are controlling your cable box at a distance.
purchase second receiver	Yes, You should be able to find additional Terk Tech receiver on Amazon or Ebay.
new cable box upgrade genie rca jacks use lf without rca jacks cable box	Get a converter
picture showes two boxes also showes switch saying ch3ch4 need hace one box cable box one tv use one box put tv channel 3	One box goes to the tv that has the cable and the other one to the tv on ch 3 or 4.
issue attach dslr canon t3i release putting fuild head cannot tighten nod right	the knob works like a ratchet. pull it out and reposition it push it down and turn
work nikon 90 dslr	Yes, it will. The D90 has a 1/4 inch/20 (1/4" diameter by 20 threads per inch) tripod socket, or screw mount, which is a standard fitting. This bracket has a mounting screw of that size. Otherwise the frame will fit around the camera quite well.
work canon 60d battery grip	I am not sure but I don't see why not. The bracket works pretty well but needed a little modification to stiffen up the elbow joint to hole the flash in place.
structural pieces bracket made metal aluminum plastic	All metal except the rubber grip wrapped around the vertical piece.
work canon 50d tia	Yes
anybody issue motorola cable box locking channel terk active	No,My issue is changing channels using the infrared extender no working with a satellite receiver.
structural pieces bracket made metal aluminum plastic	Yes, all metal -- or at least they were about 12-15 years ago when I bought mine. I would assume they're still metal. 
work nikon d800	Yes it is an universal bracket. I have had great success.
use connect tv wirelessly coax outlet set top box remote would use change channels	I don't think you can use this system because the transmitter only has the old style banana plug input connections for video and audio in/out. It does not have a coax IN connection.
work canon rebel t3	Will work on your T3 if you are not using a battery grip.
bracket work nikon d200nikond300 using nikon sb800nikon sb910 flashes thanks	I believe it will.
pages archival acid free	Hello Louis. Yes, they are both.
sizes know fit album	The PMV refills measure 11 1/2" X 11 1/2" and include metal extension posts for adding them to the Pioneer PMV-206 album. These refills are for use ONLY with the PMV-206 album and will not fit any other album.
400mm f56 100400mm hellow I interested wildlife &amp birds photography care sharpness 100400mm prime 400mm choose	If you are going to be using the lens for wildlife and bird photograpy, chances are the zoom is going to spend all its time at the 400mm setting. That being the case, the 400mm prime lens is cheaper, lighter and sharper. 
rebel t2iwill lens work camera	Yes, it will work just fine and, because it is a full-frame EF lens, and your camera has a 1.6X crop factor due to it's smaller APS-C sensor size (an EF lens on an EF- S body), the equivalent focal length will be 640 mm. This will be excellent for bird and other wild animal photography where the subject is naturally some distance from the camera. 
got lens sure preset button 2 focus lengths took photos focus anyone help	Use the longer mode for most shots. The short focus mode (9 ft or so) seeks like crazy and can be a lot of trouble. 
used 12x12 scrapbooks page creased right side holes pretty solid page	Pioneer has 12x12 sheets, and several other sizes, so you need to order just what you want. Pioneer products are excellent. Michael's ceased selling those and went to a different brand, which is not as nice. 
lens come carry pouch kind	Yes,it comes with a good quality canvas sling pouch.For its price the best 400mm lens on the market.Small,light and razor sharp!!
canon eos ds6041 lens work	Why don't you upgrade your camera ?
take allot shots handheld also handle low light notice huge loss	I would not recommend using any 400mm lens handheld. This lens is large and heavy and really needs to be supported on a tripod. 
work canon eos 70d	Absolutely it will work wit 70D, in fact because of the crop sensor it will give a virtual 1.6X more zoom. All the best.
far apart post holes	7 3/8 inches from center of one post hole to the center of the other post hole. I just took out my tape measure and checked it for you, so I'm not guessing.
amazon good job packaging shipment buy directly canon	Did a fine job, and I can't see how it could of been shipped any differently by Canon or Amazon... The lens is bubble wrapped in the Canon box, and Amazon ships that in a box with popcorn Styrofoam...
screen size	Approximately 2 1/2" by 2 1/2"
viewer work 35 mm negatives work individual negatives negative strips	This works with traditional 35 mm slides. I have no other experience.
getting slide goes view	You have to manually insert each slide. This is not an automatic viewer.
big screen	I think about 1 1/2 but I would not buy again. They refused to provide warranty
viewer require feeding one slide time	Yes, one at a time.
old slides rolli camera actual slide size 2x2 mounted measure 2 34x 2 34 fit viewer	The viewer gives "full coverage, big picture viewing of 35 mm and all other 2x2 in. mounted slides". My slides were old fashioned, mounted slides and the viewer handled these perfectly.
replace batteries	According to the directions on the box it uses 2-C batteries. However, I bought the transformer and have not put any batteries into it. The transformer cord works great. 
approximate delivery date	Hello, we ship orders the day they are received as long as the order is sent to us by Amazon by 4pm EST. We use FedEx, so the delivery date is dependent on your distance from our warehouse in MI. 
hi lens compatible rebel xs camera	if its a canon eos yes
technical details provided amazon states lens weighs 425 pounds correct	I have not weighed it. However, it IS pretty heavy. 
interior dimensions length &amp width canon 70300 lens hood keep lens storage	I use it for my Nikon 70-300 (with the hood on backwards).
work technical belt	It should work. The strap runs the length of the caste so there should be enough room. There is Velcro on backside of strap plus two snaps at bottom.
case fit nikon 18300 dx lens	Yes it will, I use it to hold my 70-300 Nikkor Lens.
size purchase nikon 70200 f4 lens	I am using Large for Nikon 70-300 and it is a very tight fit.
size purchase canon efs 55250mm lens	I purchased the Tamrac MX5378 case for my EFS 55-250mm lens. The lens with inverted hood fits perfectly.
size purchase canon ef 70300mm f456 usm lens	The large will fit, but only with the lens shade removed. If you want something to hold it with the shade attached, get the xtra large.
plastic metal	The whole bracket is made from the high quality heavy aluminum including the camera rotation assembly. Here are the dimensions: The height = 9.75", the total width (including padded handle) = 8.5", the aluminum strip bracket is 3/4" by 1/4". The whole bracket is black anodized.
bracket mounted tripod	Yes. There is a standard threaded hole for use with a tripod.
bracket work canon 5dmiii bracket got cowboy studios big enuf handle easily	It fits my 6D canon. 6D is a bit compact than the Canon 3D. If you want to use the bracket for a flash, you will need a cable that connects your flash with the camera
would fit nikon d7100	Yes without the battery grip
work zeikos grip	No. It makes the camera too tall.
bracket large enough fit canon 50d	NO. I wouldn't recommend it.
work w canon markii5d pockets wizards	Pocket wizards, sure. Canons I don't know, I am a Nikon shooter, never been to the dark side. :-)
work nikon 300s	You bet. I have a pair of them and it works fine. I find it best to tighten the bottom thumb screw when the camera is at a 45 degree angle and then you can move the camera to either vertical position or horizontal position. 
fit 2006 saab 95 navigation system	I do not know,worked on my 2002 Trailblazer.
im guessing actually two cables one female motorola male gm male motorola female gm	Yes
attach flash nikon sb700 causes arm swing downwards towards camera anybody else experienced	I do not have that model. My handle arm is a solid piece of metal. Yours may have a screw that needs tightening
work nikon d810	I do not have an 810 but I asked a friend who has an 800 and he tells me there is no reason that it would not work. The frame works with any camera with a tripod hole on the bottom. I hope this works for you. I love my frame.
mounting plate need velbon dv40 video tripod	The pan head has a model number. Find out what is is and then look up the QR plate at http://www.tripodquickrelease.com/Velbon_Quick_Releases.htm.
ambico v0542 quick release opening 1 34 front cam width 1 58 velborn plate work thanks	Try www.TripodQuickRelease.com They stock a 41mm and a 45mm plate that may fit your tripod.
fit focus kmart tripod model 200852	Quick Releases are very manufacturer and tripod model specific, so there is very little chance that this will fit your tripod. Sorry. . .
item 2 piece quick release assembly base attaches tripod removable plate thanks	This is a one peice quick release..The center screw fits the camera and slides into the tripod mounting head..
mounting plate fit velbon s400 tripod thanks	This one fits very nicely into my s-400.
mounting plate need velbon 550	You might want to check here: http://www.tripodquickrelease.com/Velbon_Quick_Releases.htm#Old%20Velbon%20Reference
fit 2012 chevy 1500	I used mine on my 1998 Silverado. If you ask Best Buy or a radio installer they would know. I asked Best Buy and they helped me. I didn't buy them at Best Buy because they cost 18 dollars each.
fit velbon victory 150	Yes
plate fit ambico tripod purchased recent estate sale opening size looks 175w x 2h purchase melinda	Not sure... but here's a reference page that may help. http://www.tripodquickrelease.com/Ambico_Quick_Releases.htm
plate need get velbon cx 640	you need the type and model of your tripod and the type and model of whatever you are installing on the tripod and go to the website of velbon and look for the product that will match your items
work gm trialblazer 2006	Probably.
used every model tripod vanguard vt200 tripod thank	The Velbon head has a standard 1/4 inch thread fitting, so any tripod that offers that will accept that head. Almost all tripods have that, it is an industry standard for consumer market tripods. 
much weigh	The Panhead weighs 1.32lbs
size screw hole bottom	Standard hole for 1/4 inch thread.
quick release work velbon 5000 tripod	According to this chart.... under the tripod section.... no, the QB5L will not work on the Velbon 5000... it needs a QB4LC. http://www.tripodquickrelease.com/Velbon_Quick_Releases.htm#Old%20Velbon%20Reference
157q used replace ph156q velbon victory 450	I'm not sure about the PH-156Q, but I like the PH-157Q because it's made of metal. I use it for a spotting scope and I move it around quite a bit. 
compatible canon eos t1 canon mark iii 5d	It works with any camera with a hot shoe. It does NOT allow TTL as it isolates the camera from the flash.
anyone know sync cord fit original vivitar 283 screw wein	They don't screw in, they push in. Vivitar 283's have a proprietary cord. 
sunpak auto 36dx thyristor flash 4000af power zoom flash wish use nikon d80 d90 gadget allow	yes
provide signal ettl contacts canon d550 fool triggering flash without trying set time light	You set your flash to use the manual mode.
mater item rated 800mah instead 700mah like picture shows mine working	No, it does not matter as long as the battery fits your unit. The 800ma versus the 700ma only means that the 800ma will last about 12% longer than the original 700ma battery.
replace bp38 4 aaa batteries	To the best of my knowledge, you can replace them.
get new replacement batteries anything special need charging	I change when battery life decreases fo a few hours of "on" time, or when transmission becomes garbled. Before charging a new battery, put it in the radio and discharge it all the way, Then charge it normally, usually for around 24 hours. 
2 aa batteries go amazon says 2 aa batteries required	You have to carefully pop the red lens off of the the black portion and the batteries are placed on either side of the flashing LEDs. Polarity is marked on the battery slots.
battery work radio shack gmrs radios	Yes I have it in a Radio Shack GMRS 21-1915.
get one battery pack two $1272	One
antenna mounted glass suction cups clip would external antenna work better	The one I have used a strong tape like adhesive. I have had externals before and didn't like how the leave marks
work window rv	This may work in an RV window. It will not work in any "double" glazed window. If you are close to a NOAA weather transmitter you won't need it. 
nothing stated flashing led's description 2 aa batteries needed antenna power	The batteries likely are for a separate led flash unit. This antenna does not require batteries. Not sure what description that you are reading.
work canon rebel eos t3i	It's my understanding it works with all hot shoe equipped cameras. However, Erin does have a web site and s toll free number if you want to verify that. 
mounted glass used stuck together	Yes. It is specifically designed to mount on a window giving outdoor antenna reception to an indoor radio without penetrating the home in any way.
cannon rebel eos t3 would lens fit camera	Quantaray makes that lens in an EOS mount as well as several mounts; The EOS mount lens should work fine with your Rebel.
willthe quantaray 70300 mm f4056 zoom lens lens work nikon d750	It depends, Quantaray sold them with many different mounts, you will need the one specifically for Nikon cameras. 
quantaray tech10 nf af work nikon d5300 camera	Terrible lens please don't buy it's not worth your trouble save your money
would lens fit fujifilm xm1	I'm not sure. Didn't fit my Nikon.
lens fit pentax istd l camera	I continue to use The Quantaray 70-300 with a K10D and a K100; I'm sure it will work with an istd. I used the nearly identical Sigma 70-300 on my old istd prior to giving it to a friend.
lens fit nikon 3000	No it doesnt. I was disappointed when it arrived and didn't fit my camera.
lens fit canon eos rebel t3	Yes, it worked fine on my T4i.
fit canon eos rebel xti thanks	I believe that the EOS mount version is compatible with that Rebel.
canon eos rebel t2i lens fit purchased wrong one want make sure	I never goy mine it got stolen from the mailbox but if its eos mount it should work I think, I ended up buying a tamron 70-300 for 50 bucks works like a dream
anyone tried pushing film say 600	I've pushed Ilford HP5+ to 800, 1600, and 3200. granted the negative got thinner, but the grain was awesome. I used Kodak HC-110. HP5+ is awesome for pushing.
many rolls film pack	One
could get film developed cvs	No. You need to find a lab that processes black and white. That will probably be a pro lab.
film used point shoot camera mine canon sureshot af7s	Yes you can...
find good lab develop film	Walgreens or Office Max
film come cassette need transferred one	It comes with a cassette
one roll 36 3 rolls 12	One roll of 36.
opened film little film strip I sure placed minolta srt 101 camera	sure thing easy if there is film in it push the button in on the bottom then raise the little rewind knot on the left top as you look at the back of the camera turn this until there is no tension then pull up on this handle and the back will open. 
iflord hp 5 plus 400 35mm expiration date	All film sold on Amazon.com will be current, fresh stock unless otherwise noted.
many rolls contain	Looks like 1 roll. You can get it much cheaper at B&H Photo.
quantaray 70300 lens fit sony a55 camera buyers ads ebay amazon says cant fit camera	Hi, The description of my sale was, "NIKON VERSION: It looks great but I don't have a camera that it fits. I bought it on Amazon for a Canon EOS but it is meant for Nikon cameras." 
tell fresh battery	I use a volt meter to check voltage. It will not confirm that it is new or used but it will tell you if it is charged.
expiration date batteries tell fresh	I looked at mine and found no expiration date on the batteries but they are working fine for me and are lasting were the phone use to go dead in 2 to 3 mins now I can use it with no worry it is a chance you take but my batteries where fine.
get new batteries buy new phone system mine 8 years old	I bought the battery because I did not want to play the price of new phone system that had the same quality and features as original. 
work right away charge extended period isomer comes	I have bought three of these. They all had a partial charge, enough to operate the phone when received, but they needed to be fully charged.
battery compatable vtech phone model 27910	As it turned out, the phone still did not work after changing the battery. We checked it in another phone and there is nothing wrong with the battery so the phone is no good. 
fiber paper looking ilford multigrade iv mgf fb would	Um, I know that this is an old post, but no, this isn't fiber. It's glossy, smooth.
battery phone except right nimh says 2005f instead 2007h matter different	Probably not. As long as the voltage is the same and connector fits, It is probably all right to use. 
black white	Yes
real difference performance 2470 I looking good quality walk around lens 6d	All the reviews that compare this lens with the Canon 24-70 F/2.8 Mark I, state there is very little differance betwen the two lenses. I own the Canon 28-70 F/2.8. It is a very sharp lens. I can't see paying the more expensive price for the Canon 24-70 F/2.8 Mark I if they perform the same. However, the Canon 24-70 F/2.8 Mark II appears to be the better of the three lens. It is more expensive of course. 
filter size	the filter size is 77 and it's a very good lens
also come lens filter	Hi Mike, Yes there are filters that will fit on this lens. a 77mm filter size should fit most L series lens. Now if you mean the filter comming along with this package?!...i am not sure. 
lens good portraits	Yes
work d60	60D? Yes.
grade	It is multigrade 4 RC Deluxe photo paper
good lens good indoor low light shooting given f28 aperture	Excellent.
date code come box	The date of manufacture of a lens is not known. The lens is not attached to the box.
work t3i	It should, it works perfectly on my Canon 6D. There is no reason to think otherwise.
dslr film	It was designed for film, but works perfectly fine for a digital slr. I used it for quite a few years on both film and then on a 30D. The focal length is affected slightly, but that's about it. 
bottom says deck lasted 6 months talking selling	Cassette Drive B quit working after a couple of months. The A drive still worked.
rca stereo inputs back record cd player cassette	It has two sets of RCA jacks in the back. I did not need to use the inputs so I cannot vouch for them. 
size dimensions unit widthlengthdepth	I don't have it in front of me but about 20" wide 5" high and about 16" deep
deck automatically play one cassette	It's supposed to be able to do high-speed dubbing, and that would be the main objective of two decks. I haven't tried that. 
able record onto tapes put recorded tape deck record blank tape deck b	Yes, the deck is set up to record a tape placed in deck A onto a blank tape in deck B. Although i have not tried it yet there is also a high speed dubbing from A to B.
deck autoreversible	yes it is auto reversible. but you must read how too. this is a real great product . mine works great.
deck input microphone 14 inch 3mm	It just has a headphone jack (1/4 inch, or if you have an adapter, smaller size). I don't see a microphone input. You can record from CD or radio.
use home made pinhole photography	Yes you can. Good luck!
lens scraches	No
made china taiwan	China
made fit doors rear deck 04 bmw m3	I do not see why not. Just depends on the level of modification you are up for. Crutchfield will tell you the size of the opening if you do not know. You should be able to build or buy a adapter plate if the hole is not perfectly round. Then you would cut a hole under the grill and mount your tweet or place it in the deck outside of the grill. 
bought im seeing mixed answers amazon says fit sonic electronix says nofront doors 01 silverado	Hey...these have some of the deepest magnets out there. 
ordered em many watts run em 100rms 400 peak awful big range r u guys running rms amp	I got a Rockford 400 it does just fine for me
please let know much cost ship auckland new zealand 2578 buy reasonable regards andrew	To New Zealand via UPS worldwide expedited would be $89.99. Import duties, taxes, and charges are not included in the item price or shipping cost. These charges are the buyer's responsibility. 
ship new zealand	yes we do, please contact us for shipping information.
line bring music pc pyle home pt649d dual cassette deck line bring music pc	Okay, so here is what I found. I found a copy of the operation manual on line, free copy. It shows four RCA plugs on the back. 2-in 2-out. Record and Playback. Specification...Line in X 2....Min. input level :600 mV(0db) Now does it go to the recorder??? looks like it. I would think it should, I guess. Well, for $72 I guess I will try it, sounds good anyway. 
many speakers included need 4 replace 4 oem door speakers subuaru crosstrek	2 speakers, 2 crossovers and 2 tuiters are included in the box. If you need 4 speakers you will need 2 boxes
impedance 4 ohms	Yes and by the way these are amazing speakers. I have not found their match , they are very high end.
need ca cb 920 canon xl video camers	CA920 is for plugging into wall outlet. CB920 is for 12volt auto use.
work gl1 camcorder charger	Not familiar with the GL1. But it works for a Cannon XL2.
camcorder canon xl2 work	Yes, this work on the XL1, XL1s and the XL2.
need extra parts connect power source	Yes it needs a power base a charger/adopter. For constant power while the part that looks like the battery replaces the battery in the camera....I hope this is clear
work withthe xh g1 xh cannon camera	Yep, its designed to plug into the battery charger
work canon xha 1 assume used connecting directly wall power source	Yes it will work. But you not be able to close the battery compartment.
cl 25 cl3 cl3 may work ibm thinkpads	It's been awhile but I think it is CL2.... but to be sure, I would recommend going over to the Crucial site, and enter the information about your device and see what they recommend. 
good sony vaio laptop orig says 512mb ddr sdram expandable 1024	First thing in adding RAM is to check the PC Manufacturer to see what the configuration is of the hardware. Some have 2 empty slots for additional memory, some have one that is fixed (and not easily accessible) and one open. 
also ddr2 need ddr ddr2 1gb ddr 2gb ddr2	Not quite certain understand your question - just be certain you order the correct memory. My HP is an older model and maxes out at 2gb - I gig in each memory slot and I checked the specs to get the correct type and clock speed. 
memory compatible toshiba satellite l10186	I did not check how it works with Toshiba Satellite L10-186
get sound item	The problem I had was not lack of sound, but it won't turn on when I plug it in. There must be a short in the electrical wiring on my unit. I did have sound when I began using it -- nothing great, no Bose equipment. 
working toshiba satellite a85s1072	it should work looks like it is the right module for your laptop
work 12 apple powerbook g4	You should check your owners manual. Or go to a memory web site that lets you enter your exact model, then it would tell you the specs for the memory that is compatible with your version of G4. 
fit canon 40d	Yes, it will. This is a fantastic strap. I've been using one since 2007 with no wear issues. 
much nikon d3300 18250 sigma thanks	I'm using this strap on a Nikon D80, D90 and D7100 with lenses ranging from 35mm all the way to a 100-300mm zoom lens and a 70-200mm zoom. So Yeah, I think holding up a D3300 is the least of the problems the strap has to deal with.
anyone tried memory toshiba satellite a30151 laptop success manufacturer responds sure	The Toshiba Satellite A30-151 accepts DDR PC 2700 333MHz(maximum 2GB with 1GB/slot), which is precisely this memory. 
obvious hoping someone know strap's quick release hold a77 vertical grip heavy zoom securely thanks	Yes it holds well. Actually why I bought it was to get the quick releases in order to get the strap off when I shoot 360 panoramas and my Canon 5D Mk III is on a panohead. 
strap long enough carry across chest shoulder	I guess it depends on how big you are. I can carry the camera with the strap across my chest and shoulder, although I prefer to carry it around my neck. 
10gb 333mhz pc2700 ddrsdram dual inline memory module 1 dimm need selling	I purchased the 512MB memory. Make sure you click on the "1.0GB option.
72mm diameter lens thank	Yes, this is a 72 mm lens. I have a Nikon 600D camera and use this lens almost exclusively. 
lens fully compatible d610	It should be. The Nikon D610 is full frame, so this lens will actually work with the real focal lengths throughout the zoom range.
d7000	w.lee what is your question..? I'm guessing d7000 will it work with your Nikon.. yes, its universal fit. I have it on my Nikon D800..very comfortable.. love it!
swithch dslr 24120mm f3556d f80 right thinking buying d80 body	No. I have an old manual focus AI 35-105 and it is noticably sharper and contrasty compared to my 24-120. 
lense work d5100	Yes, it will work with any DSR Nikon Camera as well as yours!
lens compare 2485mm	I've owned both lenses, and in my opinion for use with FX cameras the AF-S 24-85mm f/3.5-4.5G ED VR lens is a better lens than the old 24-120mm f/3/5-5.6G. The 24-85G is sharper, especially at the edges; it's lighter; and its VR function works better. 
lense work d5300 d3200	Yes, it will.
lens work d700	Yes
lens work full frame nikon d800	Yes and we have the newest version which is by far the best one in stock and on sale
buttons radio english japanese	English
get owners manual english	Here you go! https://docs.sony.com/release/ICFSW07.PDF Thank you for your interest;)
work taiwan	Yes, it works in Taiwan.
would lens work nikon d5200 also lens auto focus swm	No
lens work nikon f100	Yes
long cable &amp detachable	6' and not detachable
work digital signal converter box	Yes, it works very well with a digital signal converter box. I bought this antenna to use with my converter box. 
want move closer window need extension cord need look terms keywords	Type in "coax cable" in amazon. One of the first things will be an "extension adapter" this allows you to connect the antenna to another cable. 
already hdtv want pick local stations need better product	This product did not work for either of my TVs. It was just static. 
tv old jvc company 1996 use antenna receive signals	unfortunately you will need a digital converter box for a TV that old.
ears extend fixed length	They extend for about 3.5 feet each. This is much like an old school pair of rabbit ears.
regular antenna plug newer tv get channels better	Yes, this is a regular antenna with a standard coaxial cable. This antenna allowed me to receive many more channels than I was receiving previously in the NYC area.
antenna work old tv still works fine	If it is an analog tv (box style) you will still need a digital convertet. After I priced them, I bought a cheap flatscreen (cheapest I could find) because some converters were up to $50.
treaded stud metal plastic	Threaded stud is metal but mounted in a plastic base which broke after very little use on mine.
need digital box	It only needs a converter box if your TV doesn't already have a built-in digital tuner. I happen to have an older HDTV that needed a tuner, so I bought the HomeWorx HW-150PVR on Amazon. 
tripod work tascam dp006 digital multi track portable studio	This is made primarily for small, light digital cameras I would think. Anything larger or heavier would not be practical in my opinion.
work brookstone pocket projector	I actually got this to use with the Brookstone Pocket Projector, and while it screws into the projector tripod hole just fine, the tripod is very difficult to move around and hold the projector properly. I gave up trying to use it and the tripod is just sitting in a box and I'll probably end up tossing it.
antenna &amp worked excellent connected digital converter boxnow new tv need extension reach tvwhat buy	If it was for local channels only you could have skiped the converter box and connected stright into your new TV. Try this first.
fit philips picopix mini pocket projector ppx2340	I can't guarantee it, but I believe that, no matter what size the tripods are, they are universal, fitting all cameras.
fit compact 85lumen pocket projector	Yes, it will fit.
work monopod selfie stick	It might...? But we have found It to be nearly useless As it has no weight to it it leaves even the cannon sureshot little camera we have , way too top heavy , not flexible much and not grippy on the feet...
hold nikon dslr camera	I would not recommend it for that purpose... It could do the job but the camera might be a little heavy depending on the lens you may have on it.
I I would like add bass sound system use yamaha stagepas 500 play mp3's smaller rooms outside venues unit	For smaller rooms definite. But outdoors maybe not
sub paired ysp4100 sound bar via wireless adapter found specific documentation yamaha	No I believe not. The wireless adapter simple allows you to communicate with the receiver, not cross-talk with other peripherals.
sub woofer work rxv377 yes kind cables need connect	The Yamaha RX-V377 receiver has a subwoofer pre-out connection (signal is not amplified), and the Yamaha YST-SW315 sub has a 250-watt amp. 
brought ystsw315 yamaha subwoofer understood wireless guess	I have the same model. Unfortunately, it's not wireless. But, I will say that it is a very nice sounding subwoofer with plenty of thump. 
work optoma ml550 projector	No not stable enough
sub woofer work 220230 volt	I don't know. I would ask someone with more electrical experience since you would not want to damage the amp because of the voltage difference.
hey anyone personally compared bic f12 bic gets rave reviews $100 less wondering I speaking music movies gaming	I never compared it to a Bic F12, I have to a Polk Audio PSW110 though and the Yamaha kicks it's butt! I'm just going off my own experience with mine. 
bought sub connect tv thru yamaha yas101 soundbar via mono pin plug also connect 2 channel stereo sub via speaker inputs	Yes, I have mine connected that way.
dv62clrs fronts old receiver music	I don't see why not. The main difference between this and a so called book shelf speaker is driver placement. The specs cover a wide frequency range. In fact you should get better performance if you turn them vertically and use them as a stereo pair. 
subwoofer work well yamaha rxv573 805 watt 71 channel receiver	If the receiver has a subwoofer pre-out (which the specs say it does), you can certainly connect it to this sub. Another factor to consider for this or any sub is the crossover function. Ideally you want to let the receiver do the bass crossover. 
better bic center channel 16'x12' room dv62clrs fh6lcr planning pairing 4x bic msrpro6 ceiling speakers	Well the answer to that question is fairly subjective. 
dv62clrs match dv 52si front r &amp l sub run low end	Hi David - I have my BIC DV-62CLRS as a center channel and BIC DV-62si as fronts and BIC DV-52si as rears. I like the extra bass punch I get with the DV-62si at the front but I also have an understanding wife that doesn't mind a big bookshelf speaker on stands! 
vk6lcr frequency response 52hz 20khz used dv62clrs center channel frequency response 38hz 20khz	No
height speaker	7.75 inches
bic america dv62clrs used left center right speakers lcr	Yes
priced	Thank you for contacting Parts Express. Have you seen the item priced differently on the website? Our price seems to be in line with our regular pricing for the item. Regards, Customer Service Team
hpf lpad available tweeter driving cabs bass amp tweeter cracks bit	That box already has a 3.5 kHz crossover to keep the lows out of the tweeter. Maybe it has failed? How much power are you putting to it?
need smaller center channel timber match polk monitor 60's ideas looking definitive technology procenter 1000 good choice small	I have the TSI100 Polks for fronts and got a BIC DV-52CLRS for a center. I did not need a lot of bass since I have a subwoofer crossed at 80HZ. 
product come cable need purchase cable seperately	You will need an cable with RCA connector to hook this up. I have had mine in use for several months now - it works very well.
anyone compared sub klipsch sub12hg synergy series 12inch 300watt subwoofer	I haven't heard the Klipsch sub-woofer you are referring to, but at any rate I would expect the Klipsch to cost at least twice as much. This Yamaha Sub is designed for music listening. 
see two different pics ther two designs come softmaterial grayish cover something thanks	It is a hard black wood grain cover similar to most subwoofers
I getting conflicting info depth subwoofer cannot one deeper 11 inches deep one	Melissaaa, this sub is downward firing with a port on one side. So you don't want to cram it (or any other sub) into a tight space. 
could tell comes pointy legs picture	It's cone legs... 4 little cone legs.
anyone problem unit getting really hot	I've had mine for a year with no problems. I think it's a great unit for the price.
hook need subwoofer output receiver	I hooked mine up to a sub-woofer output. I believe the power to it from there is very low, like 1-3 amps. I once hooked a sub-woofer up in my car and was told then by the installer that if I did not have a sub-woofer output, I could hook it up to the left and right main speaker outputs, that this would work, but I would just need to add some kind of filter on each to allow only the low tones through. 
514 6 dv62clrs anyone wishing got bigger one sufficient	More than sufficient! Crisp, clear sound and check out the physical specs, this speaker is not small!
assume tweeter well mentioned info	Hello! this should more than answer your question about this great sounding speaker. Enjoy! http://www.bicamerica.com/showpage.php?brand=2&type=6&spkrID=40
matching older pair bic america ventura speakers new center speaker help I looking add center speaker wondering would tonally matched bic america dv62clrs 6inch 2way center channel speaker	The DV-62 is meant to pair with the DV64 (they actually have the same drivers). I think either the DV-62 or the FH-6 would suit you just fine.
looking buy onkyo 626 bic dv52clrb leviton aess5 satelite speakers levitons' enough speaker watching movies	they will do fine in small to medium sized rooms
subwoofer connected wireless audio transmitter	Not unless you also have a receiver to hooklt up to also.
wireless speaker	No...it is not wireless
wondering buy pa speaker cabinet 2 15inch woofers hook home receiveramp get good bass sound music	I once did this, with a high end onkyo receiver, but I built the cabinets for bass, and with proper baffling. You can do it, dont clip the amp, youll damage the speakers.
use larger center channel speaker front right left spaekers	Yes That's the voice ..the voice ...the words ,dialogue coming from the center should not be overtaken by the Front L&R,especially when watching movies,so go as large as you can with the center. 
price pair $118	That's for one
warranty cover busted speakers	I never had to warranty mine so I am not sure what the coverage is, I've had my set for many years in my repair shop jamming and they are still performing well, ESPECIALLY FOR THE MONEY ! 
use karaoke	They hook up like any other speaker. For the price these are a great value and sound very clear at high volumes.
could hook apple power mac g5	These are not powered speakers. You need an amplifier. So these are definitely not meant to be hooked up to a computer.
price pair one speaker	That's where I messed up, it's only one not a pair
pair anyone confirm price pair bic america rtr1530's one	The low price offered is for a single bic rtr-1530 speaker only.
wiring kind speaker wirecable need bic america rtr1530	They are able to hold banana plugs so the speaker wire you uss will be completely up to you. I use Monster Ultra Series THX 1000 Speaker Cable with Monster Tips 15 ft. pair Speaker Cable (ULT S1000MT-15/15) and the sound is very clear and precise.
hard drive upgrade product give space harddrive already	NO. It doesn't do anything to the existing drive. It only images (copies) the contents of the old drive to a new drive (that you have to purchase seperately). Zvika
hello actual dimensions speaker flat sides thanks	It is 17.5"(w) x 6.5"(h) x 7.0"(d) with 0.5" bevel on both sides and the front.
anyone know size dc connector needs	None required. Plug in the USB and your are ready to go
find power supply ezupgrade enclosure	You can buy from Apricorn, $10 plus tax & shipping. You can also use a Y splitter USB cable. I had an older one for their EZ GigII that I had forgotten I had bought, so ordered the Y cable--which can also be used for other devices. 
works vista	Sorry, im running Windows 7.
software version apricorn ez gig ii	This Apricorn unit is not software, it is a Apricorn EZ-Upgrade hard drive that I had placed in my Toshiba then removed after acquiring an ASUS with a 500 GB hard drive already in it, so I use this Apricorn EZ-Upgrade SATA hard drive as a remote hard drive for storage now.
upgrading cloning possible put old drive enclosure move files new computer using windows explorer device	Yes, ... The case Will Work as an external hard drive, and you Can copy over any or all your files from the original to the New hard drive to your hearts content ... 
clone drive plug drive computer usb port use programs cloned drive	No. Programs need to be installed in the appropriate folders by an installation program on the computer you intend to use them on. 
mp3 writable	I don't know but I would say yes. MP3 was a compression algorithm for movies, and I've watched movies on these. 
play record player	Stephanie these aren't vinyl record, they are cd's that has a decorative sticker on top that looks & feels like a vinyl record. 
like look like 45's place label content	The outside of the cd is black and looks like a record and the label that is in the middle does have a small area at the bottom with two lines where you can write the title or content of the cd. 
os transfer os windows 7 clone	Basically, what This Unit, or rather the software does is to copy a Mirror image of your Current internal drive to the hard drive you have connected via This Unit. And it Will be a bootable copy, given the original hard drive is. The Windows Will be copied over just Like it is on your Current hard drive
recording side black well	The back side is silver.
use cd recorders	No. They are recordable for audio only with computer i.e. burning from iTunes ... I have a stereo component CD burner ... it would not recognize these as blank audio CDs for burning.
made taiwan elsewhere	Yes, according to the outer packaging. Actually, Verbatim is a Japanese company (Mitsubishi Kagaku Media).
windows media player burn fastest fast medium slowwhich would choose	i always burn at the top speed rate and the copy most always comes out great. the verbatim dicks are very good quilty.
usable teac gf350 record records cd anyone know brand would work	You can record this cdr on a HHB - 800 recordable. Or you can buy a new disc sony CD-R audio 80 min only. Not for 700 MR . 
real advantage normal cdr hipster thing thought could good burning lossless	Not sure they just look cool
wanted burn cds mac itunes success rate	I had no problems with these CDs being burned I use Mac and windows, so to answer your question 100%.
light meter read 13 stops like dslr camera reads	In standard incident light mode it returns the standard camera f-stops of 4.0, 5.6, 8, 11, 16, etc.. Sometimes the shutter speed can change and the f-stop does not. I have found that this level of precision is more than adequate, particularly when you have histogram to review. Under constant lighting conditions I "set it and forget it," making any minor exposure adjustments in Lightroom.
I confused meter cannot photoshop I gotten workable image	It allows you to do the following: - Get the exposure right in camera using off-camera non-TTL flashes. This will save you time in Photoshop and ensure you lose less image quality when you do have to use Photoshop. - Get the correct exposure when using multiple flashes. - Accurately spot-expose any part of your subject.
meter take flash reading without using sync cord	No
functions light meter allow input aperture get shutter speed	No, it is shutter priority. You input ISO and shutter speed, and the unit calculates the aperture. 
minimum maximum aperture readings	The range appears to be f/2 to f/90.9 for ISO 100. You can download the manual for all the specs.
unit come warranty warranty	I think it's 12 months.
new excuse dumb question used without flash strobe	Yes, it works fine for measuring ambient light or constant on lighting.
work based aperature settings	I am not exactly sure what the question means but let me say this: you set the ISO, take a reading, and a combination of shutter speed and aperture is displayed. You can then scroll through a combination of equivalent shutter speeds and apertures that give the same exposure. 
deck connect amplifier used stereo system speakers	Yes. I bought this deck for my father who still has a library of cassette tapes. Had it hooked up and playing in less than 5 minutes.
give percentage flash ambient light	No, it just gives the f stop amount of light upon pressing the shutter button of the light meter
hello fit canon t4i thanks	With proper T-Adapter for your camera yes this work
cannot get work jtl strobes cord light fit meters connection thought standard connectio	It is a standard connection. The same as what you should have on your camera, so if your cable fits your camera it should also fit this. This is a standard 'pc' connection used for all camera's that have external lighting connections. 
work celestron nexstar 130 slt	The celestron deluxe tele-extender is designed to be used on Schmidt Cassegrain Telescopes, This adapter slides over the visual back of the scope. It will not work in the focuser of a Newtonian Telescope.
every teleextender see schmidtcassegrain telescopes work celestron nexstar 90slt maksutovcassegrain telescope	Inside diameter of extender is about 1.5". Measure the diameter of the tube with the eyepiece set screws. If it is about 1.5" you are all set. 
hi teleextender compatible samsung nx1000 camera	Two things you need to be sure of are 1) that this tele-extender will fit on your telescope, and 2) that you can get a T-ring adapter for the Samsung NX-1000. I've done a couple of quick searches on Amazon and could not find a T-ring for the Samsung NX-1000, but there may be one out there. 
hi teleextender compatible samsung nx1000 camera	Hi Cynthia, The extender won't help you. It's for DSLR cameras. What you need is a Celestron 93626 universal adapter. 
come mounting base	Yes, it does. The base attaches to existing holes in the scope body.
fit celestron nexstar se 6	Yes I do believe it does. It's the same Starpointe amount
pointer finderscope fit telescope made branchnot celestrone mean universal something one telescope 5in	not think it works on other brands of telescopes. also is of very poor quality. not recommended. 
work celestron firstscope looks included cosmos version hopefully yes frustrating use scope wo	It should work. The holes didn't quite line up with the screws on my AstroMaster 70 EQ, so I had to drill one new hole on the scope mount. Well worth the effort (which wasn't much!). 
fit celestron 6 se telescope	It says it is for 8" or larger scopes, but I see no reason it would not fit on a 6" scope. There are two mounting plates, you pick one, that would require some holes. 
difference one one celestron website	From what I can see it is the same unit. I replaced the one that came with my scope and other than a slight design change it is the same. It is not a knock off or similar item, it is a Celestron part.
work orion dobsonian xt8i	It will work. I did have to drill two holes for mounting in the tube of the telescope.
fit standard finder scope v grove	Hi there, it does not fit the standard V grove, however, it comes with an easy to use 'mountng breacket' that mounts easily with double stick mounting tape and I've never had an issue with it coming loose. It looks as if it was actually part of the scope itself. Please let me know if there are any other concerns. 
sutable nexstar 4se visual back required	You will need a 1.5 inch visual back and a t-adapter for your camera. It will work with the Nextstar 4SE, however, you will need the Celestron 1.5 VB vs the NS VB they have with the SE.
mounted dovetail otherwise	It has a base that attaches to the scope. Then the site slides into a dove tail mount on the base
used 114eq celestron	I am not sure. I returned mine as it was not compatible with my ioptrin 80mm refractor.
focus individual eye one eye center focus	They focus with each eye piece. There is no center focus. I like this way since my eyes are different. Focus is easy and the lens are very clear and sharp. The compass is very good but my compass light never did work, no big deal
float	No, but they can be found in Davey Jones's Locker.
focus free	Yes, focus free.
side binoculars compass eye appear	The left eye. At the bottom.
binoculars carrying case lense caps strap	Yes. But I would not buy these again. They are not rugged. I went thru 3 of them. Each was accidentally dropped about 2 feet on the floor of my boat and the prism inside got detached. 
product range finding	I am not sure but I do love them. They have great range and the lighted compass has come in handy at night. Super value. carol April 30
work celestron telescope	so long as it is 1.25 inch diameter. it is celestron brand after all. It will actually work with any 1.25 inch eyetube from almost any telescope.
celestron adapter model 93625 witch cannot focus moon take pics canon t3i93640 barlow woks better	I'm having the same problem. Its got to do with camera setup though. Plain eyesight via barlow and 25mm looks great and crisp
looking ring af chip use product diameter camera end fit ring made m42 lenses	M42 is aka Pentax thread mount which I have as well because I have done astrophotography for 50 years.
eyepieces attached gain higher magnification	Chis... Your question is incomplete. The Universal T-Adapter has two applications. Visual observation and Astrophotography. For astrophotography, the T-Adapter attaches your camera to the visual back of the telescope and proides a focal-plane imaging system. No occular (eyepiece) is used. 
need buy anything else like tring 93419	Yes, you need to buy the t-ring of the type of camera you have, Canon or Nikon. and here's a bonus if you have just a regular barlow piece I've combined them in the past for even further zoom.
product work attaching canon eos d20 winchester wt631 spotting scope	If the scope has the ability to remove it's eyepiece and accepts 1.25 inch diameter eyepieces then this will fit into the scope. 
video game systems adapter work systems like xbox 360	Did you ever find out if this works with the xbox 360?
network name wep key obtain network name wep key	You set it up yourself.....
work printer server want make wired printer wireless	Hi Jeremy. This device is only compatible with computers.
wusb54gs work vista router wrt54gs connected windows adapter wusb54gs work vista	yes, it is certified for windows vista
support packet injection	not out of the box
hi anyone luck using one orion starblast 45 thanks	I see No Reason why this Lens adapter would Not work with Your Telescope! You Need the T-Ring for your Camera and will need to Focus it! 
bottom element barlow unthreaded fit directly eyepiece's 125 thread get 15x magnification	yes the ring with the lens element does screw into the filter thread at the bottom of the Celestron lenses and any others I have that were same thread. 
I trying make printer wireless mobile device adapter ip address print documents home abroad	I haven't use it for such connection but in specifications the device purpose is to connect desktops or laptops to a network.
windows vista and7windows application work	I have both windows 7 and vista and the router works great
work 7 8 softwear	i couldnt get it to work with 7. i tried and tried. it needs different software than i had.
work external hard drive would work connect hard drive wireless network	No, this will not do what you need. If you want to connect a hard drive to your network without using a computer, you will need a device called a NAS, or "Network Attached Storage" 
dear custor fine c14 t2 2' large screw side	It has standard 2in. thread for T-Ring and 2in. Swivel for optical back of 'scope.
want understand one thing magnification get adaptor canon 650d	There is no magnification with this T-Adapter is good for prime focus.
work c90 500mm mirror lens	I have no clue, as this is intended for telescopes. If it works for you, I took the measurement with a caliper on the inside thread and it is 49.5 mm (1.95 inch). Hope it works. Remember you also need the respective T-Ring for your camera.
confused get one 93640 celestron adapterbarlow 125 universal celestron nexstar 6se	I think this one would be better. #93640 is more generic for any telescope with 1.25" accessories (you would mount it into the star diagonal or eyepiece holder. While this one screws on directly to the SCT. I used it on both the 8SE and the C9.25 so I'm not sure 100% it will work on the 6".
work meade sct like lx200 acf	Yes
work starmax makcass 90	I think you will need one of these Orion Mak-Cass Adapter Ring for Schmidt-Cass Accessories. Orion offers this on there website and has excellent support that could help you too. hope this helps
difference tadapter celestron 93625 universal 125inch camera tadapter interchangeable	This adapter will probably fit your camera but may not fit your scope the diameter is larger than the the 93625 1.25 inch.
accept 2 filter size	No. The t adapter screws into the back of a C-8 which is about 1.25 plus inches as I recall. The othetr end threads into the t adapter of the particular camera via standard t adapter threads.
work celestron c6 allow move camera take vertical shots lock	yes it should, its universal to celestron telescopes..Im looking at mine now, and it seems to be universal, did you get your t-ring...the t-ring will allow the camera to be attached.
works edge hd 1100 celestron	I'm not familiar with the Edge HD 1100 Celestron other than knowing that it is a computerized scope with a lot of special features for obtaining a flatter view. The Celestron T-adapter would probably work if it is sized right and has the correct threads to fit both the camera and the telescope. 
hook grounding cord	Hook it to any known ground. An electrical ground in the wall or a buried metal structure. I use mine on a boat so I hook it to the hull.
mat similar neoprene mouse pad eg back rubbery top thin soft clothlike surface	The surface feels like a neoprene mouse pad but the surface is slick on top, you can feel where the discharge wires are at under the surface when you press down. 
top layer made	Materials Top Layer - Anti-Static PVC Bottom Layer - PVC Foam Straight from manufacturers website.
work earthing get grounded mat plugging ground power outlet	Yes, you connect it to the screw that holds the wall plate to the box. I've been sleeping with my feet on one of these for a year or two and working with one under my laptop. The sleep one became disconnected and I woke up with winter depression, one night of sleeping with it connected and I woke up feeling great. 
says compatible 501pl 501plong also fit 504plong plate comes 502hd	No
mat grounding point antistatic wrist band	Yes, on the one i received it has a snap attached to one corner. You plug the wrist strap into that. But a separate ground point to a common ground, No.
use desktop alright feet carpet	They are used like that all the time all over the world. In fact, if you slide your feet on the carpet to build up static then touch the pad you won't feel a shock, the pad itself is dissapative [conducts only slowly] and the grounding wire is highly resistive.
make sure system work plate 701 fluid head intend mount jib	Yes - the QR plates are the same, so you can swap your cam between your tripod and your jib.
work cowboy studio handheld stabilizer	I don't believe it will. The release lever on this piece relies on the bottom area being open. Y
compatible arcaswiss	No
forgive ignorance use adapter current tripod regular 58 camera camcorder aluminum	Yes - If your tripod has a 1/4" or 3/8" threaded screw, you can simply attach the receiver plate, which is what I've done with all of my tripods (and all of my still & video cameras have the mounting plates permanently attached).
need attach t2i glidecam also need tripod head	You attach the bottom part to your glidecam and the sliding plate to your t2i and away you go...after the fun part balancing it all, of course. 
anyone else problem plate come adapter I reading instructions still come	Sorry you are having issues... unlock the knob on the side, and push in the button on the other side when you slide it out. It actually should slide out either way. 
slider plate fit ravelli avtp tripod would like attach plate camera quick release base glidecam switch	Not sure if I understand the question correctly, but since this is the adaptor and a standard Bogen/Manfrotto plate, as long as the Ravelli accepts a Manfrotto plate (which it looks like it does), then you can attach this adaptor to the Glidecam and swap the camera between both easily. 
work work 5d mark iii 6d	Yes, this works with the 5D Mark III.
work canon 7d	i read in reviews people saying they used it for their 7D
could time exposure shot like shooting stars	Yes, it can do exposures as long as 99 hours! (If only the camera battery would last that long!)
anyone know remote work canon 6d thank	I know that it works with the 5D-Mark2, but I'm not sure about the 6D. Have you tried contacting Canon about compatibility? They should be able to answer your question. Don F.
seems shoot maximum 99 exposures resetwant shoot time lapse 1 hour 1 exp every 5 sec 720 frames	If you want to go for more than 99 shots, set the exposure counter to ZERO, then it'll shoot for all eternity or until your memory card is full, whichever comes first. By setting it to zero, I shot 520 frames doing a cloud time lapse before the card said full and stopped working. 
work glidecam hd4000 handheld stabilizer gh4 grip rode mic attached	It does work with the Glidecam. Don't know about the other 3, but I don't see why not.
use d7	Estes, yes it works fine with the 7D and just about any other newer Canon models. Please note you have alternatives that are less expensive and if you have an iphone there's a couple of Apps too,(piece of hardware required) . One in particular works in movie mode.
also work 5d mark 3	Yes.
beside interval timer modes use immediate shutter release mode take photos instantly	Yes you can take instant shots. Delayed timing and intervals are additional features actually
know work eos 650d	This will not work on any of the xxxD models. It will work on the 5D Classic and most of the xxD models (30D, 40D, 50D, etc.)
get dust received lens today soon extended way see big piece dust I able wipe	If the dust is on the lens, you can blow it away with a blower, or clean with a lens cleaner. 
ef mount lens lists missed photo red dot want confirm thanks	This lens will work on both full-frame and crop cameras. I have personally used it on the 7D and the 5D Mark III. Canon doesn't list it as either EF or EF-S, it's simply listed as "E" (as in MP-E) :-)
right shipping weight 5 pounds	The Manfrotto quick release plate doesn't weight that much. Although it says the shipping weight is 5 lbs, which I assume they are including the weight of the box and stuff they throw inside to cushion the quick release, it still doesn't reach 5 lbs.
warranty period 65mm macro lens	You will get a standard 2 year varranty in purchased in the EU, outside if the Euro zone, it will wary depending on country, but never less the the one year the the factory will give you.
mr14ex ring flash	Not sure what the question is, but if you are asking whether the ring flash you mentioned can be mounted on the MP-E 65mm macro lens, the answer is yes. You will not need an adapter ring
lens work canon t3i	Yes it will
nikon similar lens like 105mm nikon lens would like magnification similar lens	No. So far Nikon does not have a similar lens.
possible would able use nikon r1c1 speed light flash lens thinking buying t3i lens	Sorry, I can't give you a definitive answer. It partly depends on what you are photographing and at what magnification. 
depth field millimeters take 10 shots rail system combine pictures photo shop best results wide open	The answer turned out to be rather lengthy so I posted the full text here: http://www.ediblefrog.com/topics/froguser/the_incredible_canon_mp-e_65mm_macro_lens
use cannon flash high speed sync capability hand held shots	Probably not just because the magnitude of how close this lens needs to be to the subject and the physical position of the flash on top of the camera. 
lens used indoor portrait photography used telephoto lens day time always use trimonopod overall impression	It is a really nice lens. Though if you want portrait or medium telephoto, the 135 f/2 or the 70-200 f/2.8 are both fantastic as well, and maybe better suited.
kit lenses never notice dust problems keep lens camera bags holster stay dust free	Keeping lens covers on lenses and keeping them in bags / pouches minimizes dust accumulation but not eliminate it. 
lens comes box hood thanks lot	FYI - this lens (at lease the US version) DOES come new with a hood as well as a very nice $50+ zippered soft case and tripod mount the hood is a twist-on bayonet style similar to all OEM Canon hoods 
review camera choices 70d mentioned confirm lens work eos 70d	I use it on 5d iii and 1d mark iv. It also work with all canon eos ef mount.
extender 2x ii usefulness 2470 f28 would canon extender 2x ii 14 ii useful accessory lens cropped sensor	Neither the Canon EF Extender 1.4x or 2x will work with that lens. They work only with L primes of 135mm and longer, and the 70-200mm and 100-400mm zooms. 
would like photograph hummingbirds lens 5d mark iii work	If you know what setting to use on your camera it will
bought year cannon 60d lense work camera recomend doubler	2x does not auto focus plus you need heave duty lens to make this work this is not a lens but a lens extension good if you got 70-200 otherwise no do not buy this is for pros it is NOT A LENS
bought last week compatible canon 75300 I attaching correctly possible use	Intimately it does not work with your lens. 
hello recently purchased canon eos rebel t3 work camera please recommend true macro lens work	It should work with no problem. I used it on my Rebel T1i. When you remove your current lens, is there a red dot on the faceplate? ss
lens maintain sharpness stopped f22 f32 start soften	This is the sharpest lens I own. But it does not have image stabilization. So I generally use a high shutter speed even when I'm on a tripod. 
use converter canon ef 70200 f4 lens	Really not sure, but it works with alley other EF lenses. Note: use in manual mode only, does not pass through electronics.
ok 70200 ii f28 lens 2x extender renders f28 f35 correct	Unfortunately no, you have even to multiply the f stop by 2x, so the 2.8 will be 5.6, is that what you asked for?
work 70200mm lens	Yes
lens work eos rebel 2ti canon ef 70300mm stabilizer lens	It requires an f2.8, or faster, lens.
shooting canon 60d 70x 300 ef telephoto lenswant know teleconverter work also difference newer model	I don't know what is 70x300, but the chart is here: www.bhphotovideo.com/FrameWork/charts/canon2xExtender.html 
extender compatible canon ef 100mm f28 macro usm lens	I believe there is a list of which Canon lenses work with this extender. I have used it on my 200mm F2.8 L and 400mm just fine. 
cannon 70 looking extension lense 70200 lens work equipment mostly shoot doors gyms	It will work but in manual mode only, you will loose all auto funtions etc.
reducer applied longer able focus dlsr jupiter else need	What type of scope were you using it on? My DSLR comes into perfect focus. You really do not want to use this to image Jupiter anyway - you should use a 4X barlow, to make it bigger, not a focal reducer to make it smaller.
applied corrector cannot get good focus using 2 barlow eyepiece along 23mm eyepiece please help	The corrector is a "reducer" which means it's purpose is to take in more of the sky. The barlow's purpose is to magnify the portion of sky. 
work celestron advanced vx 8 f10 edgehd telescope	No, it will not. The EdgeHD telescopes need a special focal reducer that is specific to their optics. Check out: http://www.amazon.com/Celestron-Focal-Reducer-Edge-94242/dp/B00B9I21AO
work celestron nexstar evolution 8	Yes
item fit back celestron nexstar 5 se	Yes, it will work with all Celestron SCTs from 5" to 14". Edge HD SCTs use a different reducer.
&acirc&iquestdoes works c90mm spotting scope	I don't think so. According to the Celestron website, it is only for SCT telescopes.
clear 125 inch two inch device c11 two inch eyepieces fit original c11 could take 125	This screws into the rear cell of your C11. Then you attach the 2" diagonal that is made for sct's. Then if your using 1.25" ep's then you'll need the visual back that Celestron makes for the 2" to 1.25 ep's. 
work celestron advanced vx 8 f10 edgehd telescope	this reducer is a 2 inch hope that helps
work celestron nexstar 90 slt scope	No
work new nikon 80400lens	I bought mine just to use with the Nikon 80-400, works great but at a slight loss of aperture and slightly slower focus (which is always an issue with teleconverters). Not sure what the "new" Nikon 80-400 would be, had mine about 6 months.
usa unit grey unit	usa and you wont have a problem with it.
reducer used meade lx200 acf sct thanks	Yes, I believe the threads on the telescope are the same.
use teleconvertor 18 300 nikon vr lens	I'm not sure, but Nikon publishes a teleconverter compatibility chart. You should be able to find it by doing a web search.
18300mm lens starfish works	Sorry I don't understand the question
compatible withnikon dx afs nikkor 55300mm 14556ged	I do not see this as being compatible with your lens as listed on the NIKONUSA site. By the way, Nikon is releasing an updated version of this TC on August 28th. 
looks like price tc buy d5100 get mangnification lens missing something	Your not understanding a tc. The tc is a way of magnifying the image above what a lens already does. It has nothing to do with the camera. 
autofocus work d800	Yes, it works on all of my lenses (6) just fine. Same is true for the also excellent TC-2.
use nikon 28300mm g vr afs lens	The answer is no. The TC converters that Nikon manufactures only work with their higher end lenses. You will actually damage the lens or camera body if you try to use one on that lens.
nikon tc14e ii 14x teleconverter usa import thank	I've totally forgotten since I sold mine with my long lens. Sorry. I can say that it worked well with both my 300mm 500mm.
compatible nikon 80 400mm f45 56g ed vr afs	I don't have this lens so I don't know for sure. Check the Nikon compatibility table at http://www.nikonusa.com/en_INC/IMG/Assets/Common-Assets/Images/Teleconverter-Compatibility/EN_Comp_chart.html
50mm f14 vs 85mm f18 I debating two lenses 85mm bit expensive I wondering anyone experience comments make	The 50mm 1.4 is great for indoor low-light portraiture, unless you are shooting groups of people -- you may not have enough space to step back. 
could kindpatient person tell get photo gallery shows pictures look taken specific lensthx	I usually use this website http://www.pixel-peeper.com/lenses/?lens=16 You can filter the photos by camera model and lens model. 
work eos rebel t5i	Yes, it will work. If you look at lenshero.com you can see all lenses that will be compatible with that camera.
one explained difference stm usm lens one better	USM stands for Ultra Sonic Motor, basically it focuses very fast and quiet. If you've used the 1.8 version of this lens (not USM) you'll notice a huge improvement. 
lense used 1100d good choice landscaping pics kit already 1855mm 55250mm lense suggestionstips appreciated friends beginner much interested photography	Any lens can be used for landscape as long as you have the proper distance. Last night I just shot a landscape with 70mm using a 70-200. 
canon l lens vs prime lens since prime lenses known produce sharp images lacks versatility zoom would canon l zoom lens say 2470mm shot 50mm comparable non l series 50mm prime lens	The 50mm f/1.4 is sharper across all apertures; the two lenses are probably closest in sharpness at the 24-70's max of f/2.8, but by f/4 the 50mm f/1.4 is clearly in the lead. 
work canon 70d	Yes. Any EF lens will fit a full-frame OR crop sensor. I don't buy EF-S lenses because they will ONLY fit crop sensors (30D, 40D, 50D, 60D, 70D, 7D). 
refresherwhat 14 lens description refer toand understand lower number range lens	The 1.4 is the lowest aperture. This i not the place to right a full lesson on what aperture achieves (paragraphs my friend!), but there is plenty of that info available with minimal searching required.
need buy remote control projector need ec3 remote others work ok	Ec 3 has focus knob but ec 1 does not I dont know which other remote you are trying to use Thanks Sam
whats difference except price lens vs canon ef 50mm f12 l usm lens canon digital slr cameras canon $161900	There are a couple of differences, but the real question is what are your needs as a photographer? I'm guessing that since you are asking what the differences are between these lenses, your needs are not of the professional nature, but I don't want to assume. The F1.2 is a pro lens. It is a stop faster, has sharper optics, manual focus override with just a twist of the lens, and from what I've heard nicer bokeh.
replacement bulb unit	Replacement bulb is FHS 82V 300W.
need run projector continuously 6 hours day five days week 6 weeks art project handle much use without breaking	No
put slides carousel slide viewing tray stack whole box slides quirky viewing	carousel only. There was a separate product called a "stack Loader" that allows quick viewing
nothing shown lens included specifications	The lens was included with mine -- and was represented in the ad I answered. I don't know the specifications. 
hi bought kodak carousel transvue 80 empty slide trays is't compatable device	I don't know.....and I don't need the carousel any longer. 
come carousel	N0, it did not come with a carousel.
lens lenses work kodak ektagraphic iii slide projector	The gentleman who runs the site is the most helpful I've ever found on Amazon. Ask him. 
acturately show kind slides	It will only handle 2 x2 slides. I also use an adapter that will hold loose 2 x 2 slides. What other slides were you trying to use?
cannon eos rebel t4i using tamron sp 70300mm lens without adaptors size ring adaptor need use lens	Since Tamron SP 70-300m lens has a 62mm filter size which is smaller than Canon 500D's 77mm, I believe you need a 62-77mm step-up ring. 
canon 500d 77mm close lens work 85mm f12l ii andor 70200mm f28l ii	It is made to work with telephoto lenses so it would presumably work with the 200mm end of your zoom. Not sure if it would work with the 85mm. 
model item order extra trays stacker fit would need purchase togethr	80-slide trays are standard and fit all projectors, 120 is only for newer projectors. 
I read reviews people using telephoto lens work well 25105 f 4 l	It works just fine on the long end of a 24-120 on a Nikon.
I rookie canon rebel t5 ef75300mm lens 1855mm kit work either love shooting manual	It appears the EF75-300mm lens and the 18-55mm lens both have a 58mm filter size, so you would need the Canon 250D 58mm close-up lens, not the 77mm version. 
prefer closeup lens extension tube	Personally, yes, for 3 reasons. However extension tubes are great as well. 
mount onto tamron 70200 nikon	Yes
macro lens orchid photography could someone recommend lens closeup shots orchids	There are several really nice macro lenses for Canon bodies. If you have a crop sensor body (Canon Rebel, 20D, 7D, 60D, etc.) then the EF-s 60mm is a popular choice. Canon EF-S 60mm f/2.8 Macro USM Digital SLR Lens for EOS Digital SLR Cameras. 
work 55250mm cannon	Yes it will work fine but that lens is listed as having a 58mm thread so a step up ring will be required. Or you could just buy a 58mm 500D close Up lens.
work tamron sp 70200mm f28 di vc usd telephoto zoom lens canon ef cameras 70mm	Yes, if it has a filter thread that is 77mm.
use nikon 800	If you have a lens that takes 77mm filter or adapter to fit 77mm filter, this Canon 500D close up lens can be used with any camera (mounting this lens), including Nikon D800.
close focus supposed 12 feet actual closefocus distance able get pair	I just paced off approximately 23 feet inside my house to get clear focus of a picture on the wall.
820ed model fogproof	Yes the model I got was the ED and it is fogproof.
closest focus distance	Jonathan, They are rated to 12 feet. Fantastic birding binoculars. Not really for use with butterflies, since you have to focus closer.
pair audubon purchased weeks ago extremely strong rubber smell go away	Diane, neither my wife (she's the birder), nor I noticed any particular smell when I purchased them about 4 years ago. 
warranty life time warranty	2 year limited warranty
ship binocular new york state outside us	As far as I know the 48 contingent states only.
hi wondering anyone could tell country origin product usa made	Made in China
magnification factor lens	Not sure what the magnification is. It is used in place of a macro lens, most often on a 70-200mm or 200mm prime lens when traveling so as not to have to carry extra lenses . 
i have texas star dx 500 klnd power suply need 50amp 60amp thank	The PR60 is rated at 60 amp max peekand about 42 amp continious power. I got 400 watts out put watts from it and my radio was a power hog, the more amps the better on the power supply, 
power supply produce hum noise use hook car audio equipment home trying avoid noisy supply	The power supply itself dose not make any noise, but I'm don't know if it would induce a harmonic noise into your stereo equipment. 
work 2 receivers time	It is not set up to but you could split the lead in
75 ohm antenna connect radio rg6u	It has enough variations supplied to be able to hook up to either a legacy system like mine or a modern, HDMI-capable Home Theatre system.
antenna screen static flurescent lights	I installed four 4' fluorescent tube lights in my garage (where the antenn and radio are) and I haven't noticed any difference in sound quality.
would electric blanket small heater long	I really can't tell you that. But I use mine for powering up electronics. I run a peak of 55 amps, and continious amperage of 45 amps. I have run it at these amps for as long as 6-7 hrs. 
heard geting replacment parts hard locate get repaired	That is correct, Harold.
work sharp xlhp500 need fm antenna	All I can say for sure is that I don't know why it wouldn't. I hope some of the experts can give you a more definite answer.
connect back stereo hat type jack	No jack. Two wires plug directly into the Antenna Terminals on the back side of your stereo receiver.
terk antenna male antenna jack would work tecsun pl 660	No. Your radio appears to accept a 1/8" phone plug. The antenna cable has an "F" connector. 
connect sony stereo hczdzx66i cannot seem find replacement system carol	Yes, the connectors on the Terk AM/FM antenna will connect to the Sony HCZD-ZX66i just fine.
antenna connect screwtype coax terminal receiver fm antenna connector screwtype coax terminal thank	The FM antenna uses a slip-on coaxial connector. It also comes with a RED 75 ohm matching transformer. 
connect radio	There are many connections. Sometimes radios have normal RCA jacks sometimes they have turn knobs which the wire will fit under and then the knob holds it in place.
bought one reason microphone work plugged buy wrong thing	Sorry, impossible to answer your question without the cable and connectors in hand. 
also attach two three bad boys together would sound quality lost	I actually have 2 connected and I can't tell a difference. It still sounds good actually. 
attach sony hgfm somthin mic canon vixia hf m30 would low quality sound made	More than likely. Remember, you get wgat you pay for...
dose night vision feature	Yes if you have the outside lights on
fav station 90 mile fringe recep radio 3ft single stran wire plug	Get an adapter to attach wires and plug it in. This antenna did not work well for me in a steel sided shop
good bird watching back yard	Absolutely, yes. That is all we use them for.
come case	Yes, it comes with a soft case.
come neck strap	yes, a flimsy one
wear glasses hard use	They are for me. There are roll down rubber cups on the oculars that when folded down make use with glasses better, but not as good as without glasses. My solution has been to use a neck chain with my glasses. 
long eye relief binoculars	No they are not. However these are great binoculars. Very clear and focused. Hope this helped.
width eyepieces adjust child could use	I would say probably not. I have rather close-spaced eyes, I believe, and use them about as close-together as they'll go. 
work ok basketball football games	The small field of view might make it frustrating for sporting events- this is true of all compact binoculars. If you don't mind carrying something bigger, a 7 x 35 or 8 x 42 pair would work better for sports. 
waterproof	according to the manual "your bushnell binoculars may be designed and built utilizing the latest waterproof and fogproof technology. 
bushnell powerview 8x25 porro binocularwork well basketball football games notwhat recommend price range	I think they would be excellent for that purpose. They are very compact and light and the optical quality is good.
kind focus bushnell	Each eyepiece is focused individually
compass	No compass great binoculars though
model number	The model WITHOUT the compass. There is only one I think...137501
internal rangefinder binoculars	No
heavy large	Are you serious??? The weight is posted on the web site. 36 oz. They are big and heavy. I like them that way. They are steady in rough water.
would anyone willing measure minimum eyepiece distance centertocenter millimeters thank kindly	los milimetros van a depender de la distancia focal, que en este caso es 5mm
come carrying bag	yes
binoculars good stargazing given little light pollution	I have not tried them for star gazing. I am guessing the wider angle of view than standard binoculars would work well for that. I have found these to be very durable and well worth the $20 or $25 I paid for them.
come case	Yes, it comes with a soft case.
float	Only if you are holding them with your life jacket on! ;)
see far	Yes. I can stand at my door and see people's faces on the boats on the lake. Really good.
low light conditions	I think they are fair in low light conditions not as good as the higher power binoculars but when you considering a compact pair they are fair and for the price to it was worth it not spending alot of money on a pair that might not be that good. Hope that helps answer your question.
going hiking good bird watching	I find they work very well for bird watching.
wear glasses want use nascar thjese work suggest	Yes these should work great for you , my sons has glasses and uses them all the time hunting.
good theater	Not good for theater. I think opera glasses would work better
come case	Yes, it does - a nice one.
compact enough kid	Yes, but they require a very steady hand and just the right eye-distance from the eyepieces to avoid total darkness or seeing your eyelashes. My 5-yo struggled with them but my 10-yo did OK.
im confused 10x25's 8x21 etc anyone explain thanks	Sheryl; The first number (7, 8, 10, etc.) is the power or magnification of the binocular which means a 10 brings the image 10 times closer than the naked eye sees. So the higher the number usually means a better binocular assuming the lenses are of high quality. But a higher magnification also requires a steadier hand. 
twistup eyecups flexible rubber flipup eyecups	These binoculars have the flexible rubber flip up eyecups. They roll down if you want to use them with eyeglasses so the vignetting effect Is reduced
recently one hinge became loose examined saw nothing would caused anyone similar issues knows fix	Used mine once so far for a play. Didn't have that experience.
8x21s short range 8 15 feet away birds feeder outside window many binoculars cannot focus short distance	At short range, I didnt like them, even for a football game. 
strap made cloth plastic	I believe the strap is made of cloth.
binoculars held steady bare hands cause wanna use tripod	They can. But... I did have issues with double vision, which I guess is hit or miss according to reviews. Nice binoculars for the price otherwise. Good luck.
dose come strap	Yes...mine came with case and glasses strap
would good binoculars hunting	Yes
eye focused focus work eyes simultaneously	I set the focus for one eye in the non-diopter lens with the center focus ring, then looking at the same spot with the other eye, adjust the diopter adjustable lens to focus. 
would work plane spotting lowhigh altitudes	Yes
good alask cruse please reply soon sailing date near bythanks advance	It would be fine. Plus, if you drop it overboard, you're not out a lot of $$.
long wide product details says 155 95 seems really big picture doesnt make look big	they are about 7" high and when fully open 8" wide at the largest lens area
heavy child 12	My son is 11 and had no problem using them at a sporting event last week.
compact enough kid	Yes, but they require a very steady hand and just the right eye-distance from the eyepieces to avoid total darkness or seeing your eyelashes.
see far	Yes. I can stand at my door and see people's faces on the boats on the lake. Really good.
going hiking good bird watching	I find they work very well for bird watching.
low light conditions	I think they are fair in low light conditions not as good as the higher power binoculars but when you considering a compact pair they are fair and for the price to it was worth it not spending alot of money on a pair that might not be that good. 
wear glasses want use nascar thjese work suggest	Yes these should work great for you , my sons has glasses and uses them all the time hunting.
anyone found tethered lens covers fit caps came loose sure quickly lost	No, I haven't found any after-market caps. However, black elastic cord and a few dabs of JB Weld )cord and JB Weld both available on Amazon) and I created "cages" that holds the top caps together, the bottom caps together, then I ran tethers made from the same black elastic cord to both pairs of cages which tethered to the body of the binoculars at key points
good theater	Not good for theater. I think opera glasses would work better
come case	Yes, it does - a nice one.
resetting default suggustions	Turn the DVD player on with no disk in the player. Hold the stop button down until the picture returns. This is not in the documenttation. I set it on PAL and then I couldn't get it back to NTSC. The above procedure worked for me.
battery needed remote	3 volt. It's than round flat one, about the size of a dime, except thicker.
read dvdit says reading brings mark	the other player had a on off button on the back .
show pictures dvd real picture dvd picture want see picture dvd player p	I am posting pictures now
turn one ready dumpster	The same thing happened to mine!
adapter 20072008 macbook pro much shipping	Yes, I us it to conect Vga monitores to A MacPro and it Works perfectly...so far
work mac mini envision monitor	I dunno, I have a Macbook PRO 15" 2009
recently one hinge became loose examined saw nothing would caused anyone similar issues knows fix	Used mine once so far for a play. Didn't have that experience.
work nikon d90	Yes, I use it on mine !!
work pc	I don't believe so. As far as I know, the DVI side of the cable is proprietary to Apple computers.
use lens d610	Yes that is the camera I use this lens on
auto focus nikon d5100	Tamron released 3 versions of this lens. The first and best, did not have an internal focus motor and will only autofocus on cameras equipped with an internal focus motor. That means it will not focus on Nikons consumer DSLRs (D40, D3000 series, D5000 series). The second has the internal focus motor, but is very slow to focus. The third has a much improved focus motor, and is an excellent choice for a fast normal to mild length zoom. (42mm-112mm equivalent). 
lens work d7000	Yes it will.
auto focus nikon 7100	Yes, it should. It might be a little noisy when filming, but other than that, it is a great lens!
lens internal auto focus motor way turn	It does have an internal auto focus and you can turn it off.
lens auto focus d3200	It depends which version it is. The older version has the Nikon screw focusing mechanism, it also has the manual aperture ring on the lens itself. The newer version of this lens has the electric AF motor which will work on the D3200. 
work d7100	I don't know. It worked with my Nikon D80. My guess is that if it's a Nikon camera it will fit ...
would th autofocus lens work nikon d3100	I don't think so your camera needs a built in auto focus motor which the d3100 doesn't have.
work full frame canon body	I have used mine on a Canon 5D (full frame) and have been very pleased with the results. It is a very sharp lens.
good want know country origin tamron lens af 2875mm f28 sp xr di ld aspherical canon digital slr cameras thank	Made in Japan clearly marked next s/n on mine
tamerooon 2875 llens canon imaging stablelizer system	No it doesn't. At 75mm (where you would get the most camera shake), it is possible to hand-hold at 1/75th sec. 
lens compatible canon 70d keep seeing conflicting reviews really want lens	Tamron told me there is a firmware update that must be installed to work well with the 70D. It was just developed about two months ago. 
work d800	Yes its a full frame lens, I use it on my D600.
fit canon xti body	Yes, the Tamaron AF 28-75mm will fit the XTi body.
lens work canon 50d	Yes, mine is canon 50D
choices compatibility mention 40d compatible	Yes. I used it on mine and was very impressed. Especially with flash work, it's very sharp.
hello question tell product dimensions 4 pounds shipping weight 15 pounds mean total 55 pounds dont understand weigh	I measured the lens alone and it weighs 1 lb 4 oz. Not sure about the total shipping weight.
cable work coolpix s3300	Yes...Here is a link to verify. http://www.nikonusa.com/en/Nikon-Products/Product/Cables-Computer/25604/UC-E6-USB-Cable.html
work coolpix s6 download computer	It worked for me on my Coolpix S9300 I checked my camera booklet and it told me which USB cable to buy.
cable work nikon coolpix l4 camera camera fine need new cord hoping fit	I have a Nikon coolpix L120. I went through 3 cables from an ebay site before nikon sent me here to buy this one.
imported usa imported bit expensive heard imported copies better	I also have heard a few claims here and there that the models made in Japan, for example, are better in some fashion or other though I haven't seen any very convincing evidence of this (is a Honda made in Japan any better than the same model Honda car made in the US?). 
cable work coolpix camera s3000	The answer is no. The S3000 cable is a UC-E1
work coolpix s6100	Yes, follow this link for verification... http://www.nikonusa.com/en/Nikon-Products/Product/Cables-Computer/25604/UC-E6-USB-Cable.html#tab-ProductDetail-ProductTabs-CompatibleWith
uce6usb cable work nikon coolpix l28 digital camera	NO. Do not buy this product. It does not work.
need cable works s550	The cable I purchased from Amazon was very affordable and worked! Shipping was free.
work coolpix s6100	My cord did not work at all. I ended up buying another one from some where else. I would not recommend buying the cord. Go to radio shack where if it doesn't work you can return it.
cable compatible coolpix l320	No it has to match the letters and numbers on the camera exactly. I had the same issue when I got my cord I had to return it.
many dvd holds	I believe it originally comes with 12 sleeves which means as is you can get 48 cds. However you can buy extra sleeves and almost double that capacity. Most of the ones I use (I have 5) have around 80 discs in them. 
sleeves large enough allow keep cd cover art well	Yes for cd's. No for Dvd's. You would have to trim it. Each sleeve measures 5" x 5". But there is on the left side of the sleeve where you can trim the cover of the spine and put it there. That measures 1" in width and 5" in length.
cable work cool pix l24	No
durable binder kids always wanting look expect hold thanks	The paper bonding of the cover to the spine should hold up okay. My guess is that the vinyl sheets will be destroyed before the binder itself has a problem. I'd order some more up front and plan to replace some.
cd cover cat5 cable descriptions whacked	Its a CD/DVD storage binder/folder. It's a hard cover that comes with a few pages to holds discs in. each page holds 4 discs (2 on both sides).
material leather nylon thank	The material looks and feels like leather. They look expensive. Whatever the fabric, it is outstanding.
order without pages already several enough fill one binders	I do not believe that you can. You might try contacting the company directly and see what they offer.
many hold	48
come keyboard screen	No, but it seems like they would mention that.
picture hard tell pagesleeve house 1 2 dvds	Each sleeve (or page) holds four dvds, two per side. Hope that helps. I love mine, it's much smaller than all the dvds in their cases. 
use pick wireless internet	No
computer run recording software good like pro tools anything like	Yes
sata ide asking older system	Ide
book writer media developer good	It's an old computer and might not take newer programs. From 2008 & up, these computer are more acceptable since they us the Intel Chip.
unit hdmi input port tv x computer cable	No, I,m sorry
able hook tv	Yes you can if your TV has a hdmi port
apple power mac dual core intel zenon 2 x 266 processors 8 gb ram 3 hard drives 250 250 500 gb superdrive built os 1075 lion	I have one similar, fast, 1T HDD, 8G RAM, if price is not too steep, a good buy.
far away mouse work looking pen mouse use standing back classroom	Well the cord is about 4 feet long so you might want to consider getting a wireless computer pen that can hook up to a USB or better a wacom cintiq Tablet. 
work mac	It works with mine: OS X 10.8.2; it's just a basic mouse in the form of a pen. I haven't tried it on an earlier Mac, but it worked under Linux when I bought it a few years ago, so I would expect that it would work pretty much anywhere. 
compatible cd dvd	Yes. However this model will not burn DVDS but will write CD-R and CD-RW formats and reads standard DVDS.
good art im looking similar product art requests want something easier laptop touchpad	I find it works well in photoshop. certainly better than a mouse. 
hook unit present printer moitor	yep
product work finger sensitive tablets like ipads I using bamboo right would like something thinner	I can't say b/c I could never get it working.
unreadable handwriting	Steven W. the I-Pen is more for doing graphic art than writing. That being said one can still use it with programs such as Adobe Acrobat reader where one has the option to digitally sign the document. 
device handle chinese character handwriting	I am not sure. We haven't had much luck with ours, we don't use it anymore and went back to using a regular mouse for our signatures. 
work windows surface rt	Make sure finger systems works with Windows 8 first. I use it windows 7 and haven't got much support.
need device work mouse without much pressure clicks cannot grip well penz last legs &amp unavailable	Well you don't need to strong arm it into using it. Just a little bit of added pressure to the pen and you'll hear it "click" (similar to a button on a mouse).
good overlaying harmonies piano	I don't know -- I have used it exclusively for webinar recordings, which it is spectacular at and sounds better than mics that are 3-6 times the cost.
work apple computer trying find works restart rosetta stone	Yes, they work on a Mac. This headset is 10 times better than the over-marketed, plastic stuff Logitech sells.
around 13 years really better sounding microphone say much newer plantronics 478	I've never tried the "Platronics 478", so I can't directly answer your question
vista compatibility ipen work vista pc systems	Hello, my name is Douglas and I am with PurrfectFinds4U, an authorized retailer for the I-Pen Mouse. The I-Pen USB (hardware) is compatible with any windows or mac o/s since it is really a mouse, only with a more ergonomic shape. The driver is firmware built into the I-Pen and will install when plugged into a USB port. Here is a direct link to the listing (copy and paste it into the search box if it doesn't display as a link) http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem
headset volume control	No, you would adjust the volume on your computer..
mic work windows 8 machine	Yes this microphone works perfectly with Windows 7 and Windows 8
mic swivel way around right side	No, I don't think so.
os work compatable microsoft word publisher	Hi Grayrunner! Think of this device as a mouse, and you will better understand it. If you need to do drawing, I recommend a tablet designed just for that. 
use ipad	Not as its packaged....
dragon	Would be perfect for that.
using headset love output however anyone else problem cannot hear voice thru headset	I have not even noticed that I cannot hear my own voice though the headphones. 
would keyboard works powermac g5 would newest keyboard work g5	yes it will work
keyboard compatible ox x yosemite10101	As a USB keyboard, it should be able to work well with all newer versions of the apple computer OS X:10 operating system. What you have to watch out for is using a newer keyboard on an older operating system or if Apple elects to change from USB to say Thunderbolt for their future keyboard connections.
main difference &amp model a1048	For one thing, the A1048 has its USB ports on the top of the keyboard facing away from you, rather than out to opposing sides. I sort of think the sides are a little less cumbersome.
american uk keyboard thanks	American keyboard
keyboard work osx 109 mavericks	It should. The bigger issue should be what kind of machine are you trying to install it on?
used ipad	Don't know which model you have but the IPAD's that I am aware of do not have a USB port. They have adapters for B to A (large to micro) but I do not think this would work.
keyboard work mac osx 105 software	Yes, it will work with all versions of OSX.
canon site list hood compatible efs 55250mm ii lens anyone personal experience	Yes. I use this on the EF-S 55-250mm IS II. I had exactly the same question you did when I ordered this. I figured I would send it back if it was not exactly the right hood, but it was.
work canon efs 55250mm f456 stm lens	It fits on the lens just fine but is too long to use at only 55mm zoom. It will show up in the shot. It's fine at maybe 75mm on out.
work nonusm ef 75300mm lens	Yes. As Gary H has commented the only difference is the USM.
work ef 75300 1456 iii	Yes. I am using the the hood on that lens.
work ef 75300 fstop 456	That's what it says it's for....
listed model m9034 photo older model m7803 version sale	We don't have any for sale.
work ef 75300 fstop 456	I believe that the lens that I use mine with... Pretty sure
work ef 75300 fstop 456	Yes it does
many mm lens	The ET-60 lens hood fits a Canon 58mm lens.
reversible	No. There is no way to attach it to anything.
hang wall	Yes. I have a wall full of them!
tab something back stood table	Yes, for a vertical display.
work ef 75300 fstop 456	I don't see why it wouldn't, I have it on my 55-250 and it says it is for it in the description.
use like shadow box put objects hoping make bank pintrest project	it's not realy a shadow box. the backing is only cardboard. you could reinforce the backing and give it a try. 
u put photos sides	No
work older mac g5 tower see connection appears square connection need rounded dvi	Sorry, I don't know about older Mac G5 towers. This was exactly what I needed to connect my older MacBook Pro 4.1 to projectors for PowerPoint presentations. 
$12 price 1 frame walmart sells set 6 $15 appears exact brand	The price is per each frame
pages 9x12 book need pages least 9x11 work	The pages are 9x12. Yes 9 x 11 will work
sorry need 85 x 11 sheets herecan fit	Yes, I use the 9 x 12" size for sheets of postage stamps and hey fit very well
portfolio gray boarder image completely black removing stickers	it is completely black after removing the stickers
need 9 x 12 140 lb watercolor paper work thanks	It might be a little tight! The next size should be better!
size would best artwork heavy 9x12 construction paper I afraid 9x12 pages tight	I don't know for certain but I have a bias for going bigger on storage. I go a size bigger to store my comics because sometimes the actual size causes damage to the item when I remove it from or insert it in the bag. 
9x12 drawings would fit	The plastic sleeves can hold material up to 9 1/8" x 12 1/4". It wouldn't be recommended however to push the 9 1/8" dimension to its limit if the material/medium is stiff due to the page turning/portfolio design. 
stickers remove easily completely cover	Yes
depth frame	about 1 3/8"
lie completely flat opened recommendations portfolio handle spine thanks	Yes. I used this profolio for my costume designs and I never had an issue with it not staying open.
many exposures get per roll	Depends on the camera you have, if it's a 645 format you get 15.
frame expand say 4x6 18x24	Must be the different sizes they come in. No it does not expand.
additional sheets added binder	No.
expiry date	I can't speak for all of them, but my rolls were 2015
many rolls film box	One per box.
asa shooting film	I generally shoot at 1600 develop for 6 minutes (75f) in Ilford dd -5 with good results... I have shot at 3200 and 800 as well...change developing times accordingly. 
many rolls film come box seeking 20 rolls	Just the one and depending on chosen frame size, it's either 12 or 16 exposures.
many shots could hold diana f lomography	According to BH Photo, you have the following capabilities: Two Image Sizes You can choose between the 12 full-frame shots 2 x 2" (5.2x5.2cm), or 16 smaller square images - 1.65 x 1.65" (4.2x4.2cm). 
many rolls film come box seeking 20 rolls	Unfortunately, Ilford sells only one roll at a time. One box, one roll. Where as you can buy Kodak's or Fuji's equivalent film in a 5 pack if you want.
portfolio contain 3 ring binder inserts attached could hold photo sheet inserts meant 3 ring binder	It's not like a 3 ring binder. the sheets are bound within the folder with an open top and usually comes with a black sheet insert so there is separation between two items that can share the same plastic insert. 
many films 24 36 exposure	Depends on the frame size of your camera, but with square format it's 12.
film compatible kodak 1 series ii pocket folding camera	This is medium format film. If your camera is an medium format camera it should be fine.
take old individual slides surrounded cardboard also recent 35mm negatives strips	I used it to look at old individual slides surrounded by cardboard and it worked well. I have not tried it on 35mm negative strips.
replace batteries cannot figure open seemingly solid plastic box	Toward the back behind the white strip which you press down to light the negative is the place which when you press on the sides will release itself & allow access to the battery compartment. If memory serves. 
batteryoperated	Yes, I believe it uses 2 AA batteries (not included). An adapter is sold separately.
battery operated size transformer permit needed	Yes, it is battery operated. It uses two "AA" batteries. If you use batteries you don't need the transformer. 
lets view slides see ones want transfer dvd	yes it does
take photo shows transfer p c	Yes, not the best but I used my cell phone to do so.
work batteries andor plug	It works only on two AA batteries; the back snaps off easily to replace them or the bulb.
hi used desktop free standing frame	Nope. Only has clips to hang it.
cardboard slides mounted metal frames done '50s fit viewer	I think so but my slides are only cardboard but it looks like it may work but can't say for sure.
order replacement clips picture frame	Might try an art supplies store or something like Michaels? Otherwise figure out how to direct the question to the manufacturer/supplier.
2 x 2slides framed cardboard fit device	Yes.
hung wall	Yes, it can.
deep frame photo looking enclose glass case 34 deep thanks	This frame is approx. 1/8 inch thick. Consisting of the backing,photo then glass. 
thick glass	It is the same thickness as a regular frame's glass.
would frame work photo mounted 14inch mat thick	I have not tried it but believe it would be too thick due to the size and style of the clips.
long $424 versus $660 uniden bt905 battery last one new &amp used	I bought 4 of these to replace the originals and can't tell the diffferance. I can't say yet if they will last for a couple years but for the price to me if it doesn't it's no big deal. 
dimension battery	Mine measured 1.65" x 2" x 0.6" but I'm sure there is a tolerance on the measurements. It is essentially 3 AA batteries wrapped together.
fit uniden 58ghz phone	The battery plug is designed for 5.8 GHz GE phone. Not sure if the plug is compatible with a Uniden 5.8GHz phone. We recently bought two sets of batteries from Amazon through different vendors for the same reason.
work canon mx320 printerfax machine 2wire 2701 dsl modem plugged	If your 2-wire 2701 DSL modem will work properly when connected to a standard RJ-11 connection; then, the GE-26191 duplex wall jack will also work. 
work merlin pacemaker monotor pacemaker clinic calls check	I don see why not, it is essentially like having another phone jack installed on the same line, much like you can have a phone jack in each room of your home all on the same line
found home look old faded discolored mostly would make even little bit difference get brand new ones	Just to see if they work, try using them individually and see what happens. The only concern I'd have is foreign material getting inside the jack holes and messing up the connections or that the prongs on the outside are perfectly intact. 
allow 2 different rings come phone company know pay monthly charges 2 rings	this allows you to have 2 different phones hooked up with the same number
need 3 6v 700 mah nickel cadmium one quality tl26154 panasonicuniden phones	This should be fine. It works with no issues in my Panasonic.
much would bought 60 going 04259	We have the stock available. Please send your question to store "GOLD LAND" for pricing and shipping offer.
need connect one corded phone answering machine	I don't think this will work. You should be able to plug your phone directly into the answering machine, but I'm unsure of the model.
buy quantities combine shipping	Yes, please send us an email indicating the desired quantity and shipping to zip code.
register product validate warranty	Mary, you do not have to register your TLP1008TELTV to validate the warranty. If you ever experience any issues, just call our Chicago-based Tech Support Team at (773)869-1234 and they will assist you with troubleshooting steps and/or warranty services.
I looking get splitter ethernet cables plugs directly ethernet port work	No this won't work you need a dsl type adapter
model battery back power outages	no, it doesn't
want surge protection cp printer modem router trip lite buy	I'm pretty happy with the tlp1008teltv. I've had it for over a year now.
exact pictured unit receive also wall outlet plug unit flat plug place sofa front	The plug in has the cord comment off the side to allow items to be placed relatively close.
work 35mm negatives	Yes, only 35mm slides
buying surge protector use business overseas unit still covered warranty anything happens	You should be emailing Tripp Lite to get an official response
good choice protect high power rated microwave	Absolutely. This surge protector has one of the highest joule ratings (3345) on the market.
clamping voltage clamping response time	The only information that I have is: PLUG/OUTLETS: Input: NEMA5-15P/Output: 10 NEMA5-15R/8-ft. AC line cord, ELECTRICAL: 120V AC, 50/60Hz, 15A (Requires NEMA5-15R,wall receptacle), FORMAT: Corded multi-outlet strip with 5 transformer-spaced outlet, SUPPRESSION: AC: 150V RMS Clamping/3345 joules/400V UL1449 3rd Edition. Hope this helps in some manner.
comcast cable tv internet impact bandwidthspeed internet connection	I don't know for sure. My cable would not work at all when connected through Tripp Lite. 
plug flat hug wall point stick	It sticks straight out.
cord comes two prong three prong	three prong
someone clarify contradictory answers plug stick wall hug wall thanks	It has a regular plug, not a wall-hugger....
save plug infrared heater	The extension cord is rated for 15amp maximum current with a internal circuit breaker of 15 amps. If you choose to plug in any device(s) the maximum total amperage should be less than 15 amp. Look at the max. current your heater draws. 
energy star qualified product need several electronics must energy star building	I wouldn't think that a power strip could be energy star certified at all because it doesn't use any power itself.
long wire it&xff1f	6ft long cord with 6 sockets (says that in product info page - but it's good you double checked! Any other questions?
gauge cord	It's a 125v-15A 60Hz, with a 14AWG (gauge) (2.08mm2) cord. Ok?
plugs always switch turn onoff time	they are all on unless you turn off the switch/breaker!! cheers don
old electric guitar amp missing ground plugged wall sometimes shocks would stop	I'm pretty sure that it would NOT... You should re'establish the original (or some) ground path FROM the device To the power source. Otherwise the device will remain ungrounded.
mounted	Yes
power strip ul 1363	Yes, it is Underwriters Lab approved. Not sure what the 1363 means.
type plug unit use plug wall 3prong 2prong show 6 pictures none end cord	It is a 3-prong.
red onoff switch lighted	No, but there is a small green light marked "protected" that stays on when the power is on.
flat plug	The plug juts out about 2 inches from outlet.
run small electric air compressor 120v 10amp without issue	The simple answer is NO. 10A X 120V = 1200 Watts. This unit is rated at ~400W? Assuming only 90% efficiency of most inverters, you want one that is rated at 1200+10%+ another 20% for good measure. 
anyone run cable connected tripp lite cable work connected	Yes
fan intermittent continuous	The fan is continuous.
would power oxygen concentrator aunt wants take road trip machine 120 volts 49 amps	Regardless of the intention... You calculate Watts by multiplying Volts times Amps. In your case you are looking for an inverter that can handle a minimum of 588 watts
cig lighter rated 120watts max using one blow fuse right away work I dummy electronics	The amount of current draw on the cig lighter / DC power port depends on the amount of power consumed by the devices plugged into the inverter. 
fan really noisy regret buying sound	It is noisy, but it is a good product .
need something use electric chain saw adapter cigarette lighter need please help	How many watts is your electric chain saw? Based on that it should help you pick out the inverter wattage you will need.
inverter work port arm rest console 12 v put inside console closed safe	It's designed to work from the 12V ports. If you have a port that connects directly to the battery (one that's on all the time it's the preferred one) otherwise you can use the port that you have available. 
want hook xbox 360 double din cd player inside car would good inverter	This Trippe converter (unlike many other products I have bought, borrowed, tried or tested over about 20 years) is a total turkey. 
fuse soldered board slide easy replacement	Auto type fuse plugss in right above line cord strain relief.
many fstops decrease	Three stops of light for an ND8
fit canon t3i	This was a gift for my father who is an avid photographer. I passed your question along to him and he said: A lens filter fits on a lens not on a particular camera (the T3i is a camera). 
difference nd8 ndx8	Same thing. Actually the ND8 reduces 3 stops of light, and it's the most common ND filter purchased.
filter stackable size filter want stack filters like uv filter filters need different sizes	Yes, this is stackable with a similar sized filter. Keep an eye out for reduction in Image Quality.
blows fuse soon connect battery ad efective unit	if you plug it into the cig lighter/power receptacle (which is 12 volts), and nothings plugged into the the inverter, it seems like the inverter is bad.
fit nikon 50 mm 14 lens	I don't know,probably not. 50mm 1.4 lens needs 58mm filter size
fit canon sx40 fixed lens canon adaptor ring	This 67mm filter is supposed to be the right size for the 67mm adapter issued by canon for that model. I have not tried it myself to verify that it works.
would fit mark iii eos 5d thanks	It will fit any lens which accepts this size filter.
hoya 52mm nd8 fit canon ef 85mmf18 1755mm kit lense sure one get	Each lens has a diameter, and you need the correctly sized filter for that diameter, so it really depends on your lenses.
work nikkor 50 mm 18 afs	This lens requires a 58mm filter size but the correct size will certainly fit. The filter seems to be truly neutral and allows a much slower shutter or larger aperture in bright conditions.
need irnight vision lens put nikon 3200 lens work one suggest	IR and nightvison are two different things for most people. Which are you asking for? This is an IR (infrared)filter that blocks most of the visible light in order to use IR to make the exposure. I have a sample of this lens on a D700 on my G+ page. https://plus.google.com/u/0/photos/101688838116518955904/albums/5803489596685783889
canon a1 50mm f14 lens filter compatible thanks	If your lens takes 52mm filters, then this will be compatible. If the A1 is a digital camera, then it may or may not be compatible-some digital sensors do not work well with IR filters. 
filter work ok nikon d3000	yes, this filter will work with your Nikon D3000. Be aware that depending on the lens, you may experience a hot spot in your images. This hot spot may be extreme or very slight. 
looking infrared lens put nikon 3200 night time spirit photos see darkness	You need an infrared source of light. From what I have read most flashes also generate some IR light but it is not designed. I've read you can also buy IR bulbs from various sources. 
black white color thanks	This is an Infra-Red filter. It filters out all visible light so that the only thing the camera sees is the invisible to the human eye, infra-red wavelengths.
many fstops decrease	Three stops of light for an ND8
staff member specialty camera shop said infrared photography damage camera filter cause damage	I have never heard that placing an infared filter could damage your camera. I researched infared photography before I purchased my infared filter. 
fit canon t3i	This was a gift for my father who is an avid photographer. I passed your question along to him and he said: A lens filter fits on a lens not on a particular camera (the T3i is a camera). 
difference nd8 ndx8	Same thing. Actually the ND8 reduces 3 stops of light, and it's the most common ND filter purchased.
filter stackable size filter want stack filters like uv filter filters need different sizes	Yes, this is stackable with a similar sized filter. Keep an eye out for reduction in Image Quality.
nd2 nd4 nd 8 set 77 mm	No
would fit mark iii eos 5d thanks	It will fit any lens which accepts this size filter.
fit nikon 50 mm 14 lens	I don't know,probably not. 50mm 1.4 lens needs 58mm filter size
fit canon sx40 fixed lens canon adaptor ring	This 67mm filter is supposed to be the right size for the 67mm adapter issued by canon for that model. I have not tried it myself to verify that it works.
hoya 52mm nd8 fit canon ef 85mmf18 1755mm kit lense sure one get	Each lens has a diameter, and you need the correctly sized filter for that diameter, so it really depends on your lenses. 
nd2 nd4 nd 8 set 77 mm	No
long cord	approx. 5' 10" not including the plugin.. i measured from where the surge protector attaches to the cord to where the cord connects to the plugin.. if you include the plugin it would make it an even 6'
work nikkor 50 mm 18 afs	This lens requires a 58mm filter size but the correct size will certainly fit. The filter seems to be truly neutral and allows a much slower shutter or larger aperture in bright conditions.
power cpap machine	Yes. The machine uses low wattage.
item fanthe item description says cools convection reviews mixed saying fan noisy fan	no fan
one 150watts okay charging 2 tablets laptop time thanks	check the wattage on the power adapters for the laptop and tablets and add them up. if they're less than 150 watts you're ok. 
run power blender nutribullet vitamix car camping	I would not chance it, because an electric motor needs at least 50% of the power it says it needs just to start. 
many amps unit draw	I have been buying the blue cased version and they have a 40 amp fuse. To get full power you should run a heavy wire to the battery and put another 40 amp fuse there.
quasisine wave inverter	Sorry, I have no idea. I was only interested in running some Christmas Tree lights in a parade. However at this price point I rather dough it.
recently purchased item powers vehicle running turns turn engine need charging first	The PV150 does not hold a charge and does not contain a battery. All it does is convert the 12 volts DC from your vehicle to 120 volts AC.
many fstops decrease	Three stops of light for an ND8
start electric start snow blower	I Have the 375 watt tripp lite and the answer is still no. Your electric snowblower is 120 volt and most likely at least 12 amps at that voltage so 12 times 120 = 1440 watts minimum now if your snowblower is higher than 12 amps then the wattage would be higher. 
work new dell 13 i3747 notebooklaptop	check the size, in Watts, of your laptop's power adapter - if that is less than 150 Watts (which this is rated), then you should be OK. 
fit canon t3i	This was a gift for my father who is an avid photographer. I passed your question along to him and he said: A lens filter fits on a lens not on a particular camera (the T3i is a camera). This will fit on any lens that is threaded to accept a 52mm lens filter. 
difference nd8 ndx8	Same thing. Actually the ND8 reduces 3 stops of light, and it's the most common ND filter purchased.
device power small electric heater camping purposes	NO. Not unless your heater is rated less than 150 watts. Never seen one.
filter stackable size filter want stack filters like uv filter filters need different sizes	Yes, this is stackable with a similar sized filter. Keep an eye out for reduction in Image Quality.
fit canon sx40 fixed lens canon adaptor ring	This 67mm filter is supposed to be the right size for the 67mm adapter issued by canon for that model. I have not tried it myself to verify that it works.
fit nikon 50 mm 14 lens	I don't know,probably not. 50mm 1.4 lens needs 58mm filter size
would fit mark iii eos 5d thanks	It will fit any lens which accepts this size filter.
work nikkor 50 mm 18 afs	This lens requires a 58mm filter size but the correct size will certainly fit. 
hi filter fit canon xf100	I do not have a Canon XF100 Video Camcorder. If it has a 58mm lens with threads on lens so you can screw on a filter than yes this would work. 
come carry case filter	It comes with a huge plastic case, not able to fit easily in a pocket or anything. Good for storage at home only.
difference hoya 58cir hoya hmc expensive hmc give much better results justify price	Yes it does. I would never consider using a non-multi-coated filter on a digital camera. 
nd2 nd4 nd 8 set 77 mm	No
fit carl zeiss 50mm 14 planar good	Filter diameters specified for filters/lenses should be universal. So, yes, it should work if it accepts 58 mm filters.
hoya 86mm 86c thread pitch fit sigma 150500mm f563 af apo dg os hsm telephoto zoom lens	Not having this zoom lens, I cannot answer. If Sigma claims it needs an 85mm thread, it ought to work.
hole attach directly tri pod possible use tri pod adapter	I do not see a hole for a tri pod.
binoculars come case	Yes
size exit pupil	Not sure , 3/4inch.
box address least city olympus printed sometimes chinese copies print brand name print city	Olympus Made In China is all I see, binoc's are pretty nice...
good bird watching	In my opinion, you should probably use 8 power binoculars for bird watching unless you can hold these 10 powers quite still. 10 powers really expose any shaking.
wearing glasses use binos	I think you can use them with glasses.
dps	Olympus binoculars with the "D" have Bak-7 lens system, the "P" stands for Porro prism and the "S" is for standard. If there was a "W" in the suffix it would be waterproof. The "EXP" is a Bak-4 Porro prism which is a bit higher quality than a Bak-7. A "R" in the suffix means Roof Prism. Those binoculars feature a straight barrel.
comes belt	Sure it comes.
come neck strap carrying pouch lens covers	yes. yes. and..... yes.
going fit lee cokin z pro system	I cannot answer this question. The filter fits SONY lenses and these are the only lenses I have. I would hope that all lenses have the same screw threads, but have no information on this.
10x50 dps	The 10x means that the binoculars offer 10x magnification power; in other words, things appear 10 times closer than they do with the naked eye. The 50 in our 10x50 binoculars refers to the diameter of the objective lens. 
film work polaroid 250 land camera	Yup!
work fujifilm instax 210 camera	No it will not.
word fujifil intax mini 8	No, only instax mini brand film works with the minis
work polaroid 104 103	Yes - the Fuji FP-100C film will work in all Polaroid pack cameras, including the 100 series (103, 104).
film work one step land camera requires sx70 film	No, this is only for a Polaroid Land camera (ex. Land 100) that uses pack film. The only instant film for the SX70 is made by the Impossible Project.
expiry date	If you still have the box its located in the bar code side it states "use before (year & month) Example 2013- 12. It means use it by Dec. 2013.
work polaroid 210 land camera	This film will work with the 210 and all Polaroid pack film cameras that make rectangular pictures (Automatic 100, 101, 102, 103, 104, 125, 135, 210, 215, 220, 225, 230, 240, 250*, 315, 320, 325, 330, 335, 340 350*, 355, 360*, M60, M80, 420, 430, 440, and 450*, 455, Countdown 70, Countdown 190*, 180*, 185*, 190*, 195*, EE100, The Reporter, Propack, 3000 "Big Swinger," Big Shot, Clincher, Super Colorpack II-V) (models with * have glass lenses and the nicer viewfinder). 
work ploaroid 320 land camera	I believe I saw the 320 with the 100 symbol on the the Land List website under pack film. You can check out the website yourself. http://www.rwhirled.com/landlist/landdcam-pack.htm. Select "camera" then "pack film".
comes lens pictures	Case, hood, and cover.
film work polaroid 300	That film only works with the old Polaroid Pack film cameras. I believe the Polaroid 300 is a newer camera that uses Polaroid 300 film. 
work polaroid 450 automatic	Yes it will, I actually use it in my own Polaroid Land Camera 450. The only issues you might come across are finding batteries for the camera and the camera putting too much pressure on the film pack. 
quality glass scratches front element serial number back lens	Glass is in excellent shape. There are no scratches on the glass. UV 1019.
lens ever dropped lens ever exposed water hard case selling	The lens has never been dropped and it has not been exposed to water. I am including the hard case with the lens. To be honest, I wrestled for a long time if I should sell this lens or not.
aright angle finder crouch look along telescope tube aim	The Telrad is like a gun sight in that after it is mounted and aligned on your telescope you can point the red dot in the circles at what you want to look at and your telescope will pointed the right way. 
telrad come mounting base buy one separately	Yes if you look at the picture the mounting base is were the two screws are at. The base is installed using the provided double sided tape.
date code lens many owners pictures lens serious buyer	Hi Judith, The date code is UV 1019. I am the only owner of this lens. I have uploaded photos of the lens.
date code lens many owners pictures lens serious buyer	Hi Judith, The date code is UV 1019. I am the only owner of this lens. I have uploaded photos of the lens.
would take $ 3500 lowest would take	Hi Christy, I am firm on the price. I am having a hard time parting with this lens. -- Ralph
think would work long telephoto camera lens	I think it would, only thing would be what type of lens and what type of zoom system that particular lens has. 
need remove dovetail bases installing base tetrad still attach dovetail	The base is attached with double-sided tape, so we can go anywhere on the optical two with there's a flat spot. I installed mine on a Celestron NexStar 8 SE. 
unit work full daylight contrast necessary see sight	You need contrast. Using it right out in direct sunlight like a red dot gun sight does not work very well. The unit has to be a shaded area and what you are viewing needs to be in a dark area.
compatible celestron nexstar 130	Yes it is. Any telescope with a open space of 2 1/2" x 8 1/2" will work. I highly recommend.
use little celestron asromaster 70	The finder base is about 2" wide and 7" long. The circumference of your 70mm might not big enough. Not knowing the exact size it's hard to tell. 
base mounting holes made material could easily drilled accomidate mounting holes	Yes, the base can be mounted with screws if necessary. 
fit canon rebel t3 1100d	According to this compatibility guide on Canon's website, I would say yes: http://shop.usa.canon.com/shop/en/catalog/eyepiece-extender-ep-ex15-ii
fit t5i	It fits my T3i very good , works as stated by Seller
fir cannon 40d eos	I don't see any reason why it wouldn't.
one two listed fit sl1	Mine did not work at all....you need a lot of flat surface around...
fit 5d mark iii	NO it won't, it is too small for 5D MK III
way make right angled look along scope	As near as I can tell there isn't. There is a spacer that's available that lifts the Telrad a couple of inches (approximately) above and parallel to the tube.
hi fit canon sx40hs evf	Yes it will, a snug fit
hi canon epex15 fit canon 7d	Amazon should stock these? Otherwise try B&H or Adrama for good search engines and descriptions.
get power cord device	This device comes with charging station. The power cord plugs into it. I could sell you one used. I have two. krum@ionopsis.com
rechargeable lithiumion polymer battery internal replaceable usable time battery	Yes it is But you have to be careful with the small screws in the back. 
fit 7d	I have used it in my camera, it is canon EOS-D1100, I dont know if it can fit on 7D or not.
size	About 10cm x 9cm x 2cm
sony clie pegux50 notetaking capabilities store notes offline	It has been so many years since I have used my Clie UX50, just as Sony had terminated their handheld computer product lineage. 
work humminbird lcr 4000	Not sure, look at the male end and see if will be received by the connection on your fish finder
two prong plug one work hummingbird 100sx	Sorry. I don't know.
work pmax 160	Seems to work fine with my PMAX 160 as a replacement transducer, although I have not had it in the water yet.... just hooked it up and tested it to see 
plug end look like	Square like with trapezoid at top. 3 prongs. Would upload picture if this would allow to.
description says use share two vga monitors also work share one vga monitor two computers	Yes. That's what I use it for. Two computers, one monitor.
telrad finder fit telescopes fit certain ones	The Telrad base attaches to the telescope with two sided tape. I've seen it mounted on a wide variety of telescope sizes and shapes and no one seems to have problems with it. 
use switch box alternate viewing pc monitor switching view home security dvr monitor	Yes, As long as your home security dvr has a monitor connection on it.
use switch use one keyboardmouse monitorworks great want switch one computer select 2 monitors work	Yes
box short f'n bang get clear picturewhat going	I have not had that issue. We have been using it for a while. I purchased it for our church to save space.
work single pc two monitors toggle desktop monitor wallmount flat screen presentations	Yes. My monitor and 46" TV have the same resolution (1080 x 1920) so switching back and forth creates no problems.
work plug play monitors seen products issues wont display native resolution monitor	It should. I've never had a resolution issue when using this switcher. 
find replacement knob	radio shack carries universal knobs that fit.
connecting two computers 1080p hdtv wvga input like desktop computer laptop hdtv	Yes
jack 6p6c 6 position 6 connection rj11 connection	Yes.
need black plastic knob cables go 03364 2port hd15 vga manual switch box	Well, I can appreciate your request. Mine also broke, and I found that the interior fit of the knob was all plastic. Got to love this Chinese stuff. 
product split one 2line jack five 2line jacks	Yep. All the jacks are in parallel.
work fios	This product did not work well for me. Have no idea regarding your question. Got rid of it over 2 years ago. Sorry I couldn't be more help.
thinking using mic canon eos rebel t3i would mic get frame	That really depends on the lens you are using. I haven't had any problems with it and I usea 12 mm lens from time to time.
work xp &amp win 7	Yes. Will work with any operating system, The operating system does not matter only the VGA ports on your comp and monitor, and the cables and adapters you already own or have. 
would safe describe mic unidirectional I outdoor interviews serious problem ambient noise	Yes.... Its going to be difficult to avoid ambient noise unless you can set up backdrops and wind socks to absorb some of the extraneous sounds. This is a great mic. 
bag pouch sgm1x	It comes with its bag.
plan using voice overs canon t3i stock lens would work	I plan to use with my Canon DSLR. I am not sure if is good enough for studio voice over recordings.
mic come xlr cable	No it does not
handle windy conditions	I have used the SGM-1X mostly outdoors and have found that wind noise is acceptable in light winds with the included foam wind screen. 
length extension cord connects phone jack	It's about 7-10 feet I believe, so it is long enough to move a bit away from your rj11 jack's location. :-)
azden sgm x1 &amp azden sgm 1x product	They merely serve to distinguish it from the double-barreled microphone, the Azden SGM2X.
I would like plug sony ax100 handycam think much big long tought thanks	It is a pretty long mic, but for ax100 you will see it in frame. It's great size and great quality. I had to get XLr adapter but that's easy n cheap
hello use cable end cable xlr jack back microphone end cable 35mm jack camera	Yes you can. That is what I did.
mounted without magnetic base I I would prefer thread mount jeep's spare tire rack possible	The threading is smaller than the universal thread for typical mounts. 
wide base bottom antenna black rubber	approx 3 1/2 inches. I have mine right in front of my windshield, on the vent, which is metal on mine. Most put on the roof, or hood.
long cable	I believe the cable was 10 feet long. It was put onto a small car on the roof center, run through the passenger door, and reached the center console.
fit window magnet	The base is a magnet and attach to a flat surface.
antenna collapsible removing magnet car thanks	No. You have to remove it from the car if you don't want it up
antenna works good handheld cb radio	I use it with my handheld and it does work good
would good recording piano recital	It could be, but you will need to be careful about reflections off of back walls, etc. that could muddy the sound. 
tall antenna long cable 'can find nothing vague answers internet even midland website nothing	The antenna is 28" tall and the cable is 16' long
tall antenna bottom base top	This antenna is tuneable with an swr power meter, mine is near the max for my cb, 31inches base to tip on the roof of my suv
need antenna adapter attach handheld midland cb see 3 bought together amazon auto suggest anyway	I just viewed the ad and it appears that you need the adapter for use with a handheld CB radio.. Swede NA7SL
would make groun dplane	The only ground is the electrical power ground and the magnetic field if the antenna base. Works fine
pockets clear sides need pockets show front back	Yes, there is a piece of black paper there, but you can remove it
book expandable hinges able add pages 5 x 7 one choices cov	It doesn't have hinges, and you are not able to add pages to it.
extra belt clips ordered	No
communicate like base unit use communicate	You can set the radios frequency to other radios. It's really easy I bought 3 radios and reset them all. Haven't had any trouble with them yet.
material covercloth plastic dreaded leatherlike thanks	hard plastic, black, not flexible or bendable
product come charger	Yes
photo pockets big enough easily slide several pictures tight fit one photo really fit	Yes, you can fit some extra pictures in there. I used them as a "proof" book for a senior portrait customer. 
work mag one bpr40	Does not operate on the same frequencies;
would radios work without getting fcc license	no license required , this would be considered GMS frequencies
size opening need mount	I cut a 3.25" x 8.25" hole.
radios share frequencies cheaper radios like kind purchase walmart	I'm not sure but I know there are very few times where we pickup frequencies of random users in the area so we just choose a different frequency and problem solved. 
many photos hold placed two photos back back sleeves hold 48 photos 24	The one I have holds 48
need black paintedsprayed	Probably. I believe they are a styrene based plastic. Scratches would show.
outside dimensions	The out side dimension is 9 5/8" by 4 1/8"
installed car	Yes I beleive you can. These are flush mount speakers, but be sure you have the space behind your mounting surface for the ported enclosure (see product image).
fit jenson ms2013btr inside hold secure im putting inside hard saddlebag harley	It would have been nice if you had given me the dimensions of the chassis and front panel. If the manual I found on line is correct your radio will fit into the housing. 
used wall speaker deck	It sits inside a wall and is designed to only have the grill exposed. It should be mounted between wall studs.
get mount swivel mean fixed straight flat surface	Yes. The antenna doesn't come with the mount. It is a standard attachment, so it should attach to most antenna mounts.
boat accommodate either 6 round 6x9 oblong speakers fit	It entirely depends on the space behind the wall you mount them to. There is a large chamber on these speakers the extends beyond the speaker diameter. 
antenna telescoping looks like cannot tell sure	No it is one piece. It is just a horrible picture that makes it look like it is telescoping. 
application differences shakespeare centennial shakespeare classic	Differences are inside and outside. 
dimentios radios fit	most radios will fit. I don't know the dimensions but of the dousing but I put several different radios in it and all fit as long as you have the cover/ dash mount plates for the radio
db gain antenna	6db
compatible lowrance lvr850 dsc vhf marine radio cannot 3 decibels needs rg58 coaxial cable	The antenna has 6db gain. You may want to consider a shorter 3-4' antenna that provides the 3db you're looking for. 
operating system	Windows 7
pl259 connector attached separate solder crimp allow easy cable routing	Separate. Why would you want the connector attached? That would require a huge hole to pass-through. The instructions are clear and installing the connector is easy. 
west marine radio shakesperae antenna wire pulled antenna repairable fit replacement	Yes it can be done if you are handy and have good soldering equipment. You can contact Shakespeare for details. 
receive wifi antenna	I think you can receive wifi with any antenna. This antenna is not especially designed for this and would probably require you to adapt the coaxial cable to connect to whatever device you are wanting to receive on. 
upgraded windows 7	i do not know, but it should be able to be upgraded.
would able play steel panthers computer old computer game	Yes
might missed information wireless	I buy one but is useless. Not work.
crimp cat 6 cables	The question is will it crimp rj45 connectors which are used for pretty much every network cable out there, and the only connector you need to worry about. Cat 6 refers only to the actual cable, not the connector.
looks similar klein greenlee crimp tools made tawain anyone confirm	I've on plenty of Klein tools and these should never be compared to them. However, they are an excellent value. They do the job.
crimp 4pin rj11 telephone see refers rj11 mention 4pin	No, it will do 8 and 6 pin jacks.
tool works cat 6	Yes
tool used compression tool punch cat 6 keystone jacks	I have a CAT 6 home network and used this tool on all connections...both jacks and plugs.
use tool strep rg6 coax well	Hey Stingyjack! regarding being able to strip RG6 coaxial cable with this crimper the answer is "No!" thanks and good luck with your project.
need connect amounts middle telephone cable runs house need tool done	This works good with 6 or 8 wire "flat" phone cable. I wouldn't get it if you have round telephone cable that you're splicing together with connectors. 
two pictures different actually tool selling one bottom one top	The pictures are the same you are getting the punch down tool for 6 or 8 data cords
I never stripped cable crimping tool crimper good job	hey Zack! although this tool will strip the plastic sleeve from the Cat5 cable I never use this. 
work rg6 cable	It is for multi strand phone cable.... so it will not work with shielded coax.
original cisco brand original bag need 4 sfp modules	Yes I was skeptical too because of the low cost. But it was Cisco brand.
original cisco compatible	Its compatible but works very good
l use imac g5 20 model a1076	Although I am not an expert on Macs, I checked over the specs for your computer and it looks like this RAM will work just fine in your iMac!
work emachines t3302	Yes, 2gb max, 400mhz.
work amd sempron tm processor 3100 181ghz motherboard	You listed a processor, not your motherboard. It is impossible to tell based off of the information you provided.
hidoes anyone know memory low density	If I remember correctly, there are only chips on one side
sure original cisco part u visit httpwwwlumaopticsnet says supply cisco glclhsm sfp equivalent transceivers help	Unfortunately it does not appear to be an authentic Cisco GLC-LH-SM part. 
work emachine model t6524	Yes, this is the proper memory for the Emachine model T6524. You can check the specs on crucial.com on the emachine site.
memory works hp pavilion a1245c desktop	yes it should work just fine
combine shipping charges multiple quantities	Yes I can, I will Adjust my inventory to be one Item for both sticks of ram, one combined price, just let me know if thats ok then I will make the adjustment
cannot download pictures 1 gb memory card options	I had the same problem. If you don't want to buy the Fuji made card reader that works for it, I found the Lexar RW023 will read it. This is a card reader/ flashcard unit.
write speeds trasfer speeds 1 gb capacity slow write speed card	If I was you, I buy the Type H instead of the Type M...Type H means High Speed
use cards emachines models et116105 32 bit os windows vista already 2oo gb ram thanks	I dont know. Google has compatability sites, im just a user. Sorry i cant help.
memory stick compatible gateway mx6440 laptop	No, this would not work for your Gateway laptop. Laptops require smaller memory sticks than a desktop motherboard. 
many pics card hold	with my camera and how it is set, I get about 300 pictures
looking card reader xd 512mb card recommend	With the laptop that I am using, (Gateway NV53A) there is a slot that this chip fits into. If yours has it, you will be able to find it along the front lip of the machine, just under the keyboard. 
dell dimension 2400 looking upgrade 2gb per card u hook	Find model of your motherboard, go online to manufacturers site and read thru the specifications to learn what type and brands of memory they support. 
much store movie mode	I have a finepix A360 4.1 mg and a 252MB and in movie only holds 17 Minutes. With a 1G might hold like an hour and plus..I THINK
folded length modifier I I would like know also anyone flown checked baggage hand luggage internationally	It seems to measure 49" in the closed "umbrella" position.
im planning purchasing softbox along alienbee light need purchase speed ring also fit alien bee properly	Yes you need to purchase the speed ring.
umbrella shaft tapered getting larger tip lot length adjust big holder normal	I use it with my Einsteins, white lightning strike and Profoto. They all fit fine
used continous lighting	Absolutely. That's why I got it and it works great. And a nice, short depth for its size.
tip umbrella shaft extends past plane diffuser normal want tent diffuser wrong	This should not be happening. The very construction of softbox prevent that from happening. 
need buy stand lightbulbs	I used Alien Bee's with them for lighting. It does not come with a stand. So you will need both lights and a stand.
would work westcott td5	Yes
attach elinchrom light stand	I have Paul C Buff lights but should attach to any light that will accept an umbrella
wiil work profoto monolights quite long	It's a fairly short depth softbox. It's design works like an "enclosed" umbrella. If you were to use the Profoto (without reflector), how long is the whole unit? 
already light stand several speedlites 430ex ii sb700sb600 able fully appreciate softbox else need terms gear need something like manfrotto 026 similar stroborame bracket shoe mount	You will need to be "hard wired" with a sync cord and the flash in manual. The smaller flashes should be fine depending on your ISO and f stop.
analog monitor ada signal [eg I shall I hear gross distortion lights up]	Hi muhmee, Please send us more details about your concern at socialsupport@am.sony.com, give us your contact details and the exact model number of your unit so that we can assist you further. Thanks. &gt;Joffrey
kind cdr used	Cd-r music, it will not read the kind that works with computers.
record sermons	Alphonso, I would say yes, you can. An average sermon lasts less than 79 minutes, 59 seconds, which is the maximum length of most CD-R's, so timing shouldn't be a problem. To set up for recording, you will need either to tap directly into your church's sound system; or for a free-standing application, to use microphones along with a small stereo preamplifier (or with two mono preamps, one each for the right and left channels) to boost the signal.
record punching tracks	Yes...
need order use cd player expensive amplifier products amazon would work look	You are correct in that this is not a stand alone component. It would have to hook into some sort of system that has speakers. 
know used player good product	Very good question, Laurie. What I do, is read the reviews on amazon. People will usually have widely differing answers. If there are a LOT of negatives, I run for the hills and do not buy. 
use record cd digital recorder	Hi, this Sony Compact Disc Player/Recorder, doesn't support recordings from a digital recorder. -Ely
howdo direct recording	The recorder did not work and we sent it back.
fit nikon d3200	Nikon 3200 is a DSLR camera. You can ecuip it with many lanses. 
nikon d5100 type filter compatible nikon d5100	Compatibility isnt measured by the camera model but instead the lens, http://support.nikonusa.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/13987/~/using-nikon-filters-with-nikon-dslrs if you type in the lens size and model that you have on Nikon's website it will tell you which filters will fit on it. 
nc filter	As all the other answers illuminate, this filter serves to provide protection from fingerprints, smudges, dust, etc., for your camera's lens. Some clear filters even have a hardened coating to enhance impact protection. 
anyone know much filter weighs grams thank	Filter weighs 1.6 oz. One ounce = 28.3495231 grams, so the filter weighs (28.3495231 x 1.6) = 45.359237 grams.
fit nikon d4200 1855mm lens	Well, I don't believe Nikon makes a D4200, but they do make a Nikkor 18-55 lens. If that is what you are talking about, yes, the filter size for that lens is 52mm.
purchased nikon 7100 camera afs nikor 18140mm 3546 ed lens 77mm filter fit lens others lens require different size purchase nikon 2470mm f28ed lens filter size	Many are 77 and many are not. Google the specs.
manual sony model rcdw500c	Yes. And I have an extra one. Does he need one? If so, with his permission, send me his mailing address & I will send it to him. Do not give him my email address, though. Thank you!
I I would like use cokin filter adapter ring use filter holder singh ray filters front front threads allow	No
nikon shows 67mm clear filter product number 2288 website one	It is not the same as a 52mm. A 67mm fits the threaded end of a 67mm threaded lens. A 52mm fits the end of a 52mm threaded lens. 
works lens nikon 50mm f 14g	The filter size for this lens is 58mm. Any filter that size will work with this lens.
fit nikon p530	Michael, I do not believe your camera is capable of accepting screw on filters. 
lens autofocusautoexposure nikjon d800	Yes works fine! All the best ! Alexander
lens compatible d5200 dslr	Yes it is. That being said it is not a great choice for a DX Sensor camera like the D5200. The problem is that on a DX Sensor this lens is 42mm to 300mm which means you will not be able to take any wide angle shots. 
lens auto focus 3200	No it doesn't have a built in focus motor. Those lenses will have the AF-S designation. The 18-200mm will work with the D3200
lens work d5100	Yes but on manual focus only. Lens does not have motor drive.
anyone experience comparing sigma 18250mm f3563 dc macro os hsm	Buy f2.4..... You'll be glad you did
work nikon d3200	If I'm seeing this lens correctly, it is not an AF-S lens, therefore it will not autofocus on a d3200... To quote Nikon: "Only AF-S lenses will work, AF lenses would require manual focusing. The lenses recommended are AF-S and fully compatible with your Nikon D3200 DSLR."
work d3100	Absolutely. The lens is full frame format and thus it works on any camera using the standard Nikon lens mount. BTW, it is a great lens.
auto focus d5200 auto focus motor	It should, It won't auto focus with the D 40 or D40x however.
work d7000	YES it works with my D7000. not the sharpest lens but a great all around flexibility option.
lens cap fit nikkor 1855mm 13556g dx vr lens	Without knowing the size of filter it is hard to say. The cap will fit a lens that uses 67mm filters. 
fit nikon lens afs 28300 3556g ed vr	Look around on your lens. It will say Nikon (top line) and where it is made (bottom line); the middle line is where you will find out the size of your lens cover. 
lens fit 1870	Look at the size of the lens on the front rim of the lens. It will show a mm size (for example "67mm"). That tells you the size of cap to buy.
work humminbird wide vision	Yes it will.
im confused also show depth coverage wide view	No This item will only give speed through the water via a paddle wheel, and the temp of the water at the surface where it comes in contact.
fit nikon 35mm 14 lens	Yes it will. The lens takes 67mm filters, so it will use a 67mm lens cap.
fit nikon 18135 lens	No. It will only fit a Nikkor lens that takes a 67mm filter.
work 561	Yes it will work but on my boat the speed is way off
anyone used 581i hd di combo	I put one on a 980 series, thought I could get water speed with temp. no luck just temp.
bought patio boat functioning humminbird wide eye fish finder made 1993 work unit	This looks like a TS-W Speed/Temp Sensor and in my accessory book says that it will work with all the Fishfinders , I had one for my 400TX, so it should work , check the plug to be sure it not round. 
find usb cable antec cooler pin stopped working buy new cable site	Try this one! Antec's customer service goal is simple: We are committed to providing our customers total satisfaction. Every time. For questions about orders, contact us at orderentry@antec.com.
install four rubber thingies	Mine came already installed...
work linkys ea6200 router	Probably. Does your router get that hot. Just be careful due to lack of build quality if you want it to run all the te. I ran mine 24/7 and after 3 months I'm having issues with one of the fans.
type usb lost usb wire cooler useless without would someone pplease tell type usb wire buy	I was reading through the comments on one of the amazon reviews one day and someone mentioned this link http://store.antec.com/P/notebook-cooler-usb-cable/0-761345-30089-6.aspx and others mentioned getting it cheaper off of ebay, but I can't remember the specific details about the wire, I'm looking for that post with those comments. Hope it helps!
fx lens	Yes, full frame 35, not DX or APC.
cable box modem stacked inside box cut holes box ventilation still hot use cool box	I wouldn't. The fan is very weak and probably wouldn't put out enough air for what you're trying to do.
passthrough usb connector	I had the same problem when I ordered mine last year. They said they were out of stock and that I had to keep contacting them to find out when it would be in stock, then they would send me a new one.
cooler work apple laptops	Yes it works well the laptop still is warm when running programs
cord partially unwound still plug unroll cord reel use	Hi Paul, The plug end of the cord fits through the one of the "Mickey Mouse" looking holes (a bill hole for the plug and two smaller side holes to hold the cord) in the side of the reel. You can leave as much or as little cord sticking out as you want. 
still work good bed since sucks hot air away laptop instead blowing cool air towards would work bed	you need a hard surface for any laptop. If you use a laptop cooler you also need a hard surface. Use a laptray or buy a laptop tray from Wal-Mart or Amazon. 
used store christmas mini lights well	I believe that this cord reel would work very well for storing strings of mini Christmas lights, actually. 
work laptops air intake bottom exhaust back &amp side	Yes. It lifts your laptop up and allows for better airflow underneath.
flimsy I read mixed reviews want something flex snap due winding center handle looks like hard grab larger hands also looking one	Tommy Silva from This Old House suggests finding the middle point of the cord, hooking it on your reel there and start winding it up. When you are done both end of the cord are there. 
see answers say cannot wall mounted could could put wood block behind black part drill mount	yes, it can be wall mounted.
wall mountable meaning mount garage wall wind unwind extension cord reel wall	No
cord wheel strong enough handle heavier gauge 123 wire previous experiences	I used 14.3 wire (100 feet) and that filled the reel and was stong enough. The reel for 12.3 may work for up to 75 feet but not 100.
hello antec laptop cooling fan antec charger slot fit cord buying new wire fix issue please tell	do not buy this cooling fan yyy
could used store 25' 50' garden hose would really make storing hose rv much easier strong enough large enough	Storing a garden hose would be tough if not impossible due to the size of the thichness of the hose hose; check with your hardware store to see if they have a traveling reel... or purchase one of the shrinking hoses you see advertised on TV...
approximately much cat5e ethernet cable would fit reel	Consider this: I put a 100 foot heavy duty extension cord on it. Keeping that in mind, relative to the smaller size of cat cable, I would estimate anywhere from 150 to perhaps 175 feet?
wide narrowest part reel need wind 3 inch materila onto reel	It is 2.5 inches at its narrowest.
diameter spool outside width spool questionsspool holder thanks	About 11 inches. That's the dimension described in the listing description as 10.8 inches
maybe clicking get thing wound first time	I put the male side of the cord though one of the holes that has the second small hole on each side and kind of "clipped" it there. 
good outside heavy duty 150 feet cord	For heavy duty outdoor use, I think not. This reel is just about identical to the HDX reel sold by home depot for under $10. It's a simple reel for a home owner to store his/her electrical chord. 
anyone drilled hole spool hold ext cord plug winding tool	It was really easy to work the plastic using my dremel's rotozip/drywall bit. 
mounted wall	There is no provision made for this, no brackets or holes, etc. However, I did mount mine on hooks, just sort of hung it up on them on the tubular part of the base. 
fit 100' 10ga cord	Yes ! But it was a mess putting it in.
would reel hold 100 foot 143 extension cord	Yes, it does.
wide inside spool	Inside of the spool is a clip to attach the wire, but the clip is for a small gauge wire. Without that clip the spool cannot reel in the cord. 
would ok sitting rain want use camping plan keep tent site power	I don't see why not, it is all plastic.
anyone use reel long runs cat5 cable suggetions	It should work. There is a hook/slot on the inside of the reel to attach the end of a cord to begin reeling. 
would transfer audio well	No. This only is usable for video.
wide inside spool one ever answers specifically want use pool backwash hose 4 inches wide	The inside of the spool is 4 1/8" It would be tight, with only 1/8" to spare. 
would work roku tv svid &amp vga ports	Yes it will work. I used it just for that. As mentioned in another answer you will probably see some bars or what may look like discoloration that is interference. 
many pins one type svideo cable cannot tell picture 4pin 6pin 8pin 10pin	The description said 4 pin. And that's what mine is.
would convert composite video	Not necessarily. Older model TV's do not support composite video.
connection svideo rca needs bought yellow 1xrca connection would right cable	I don't understand your question... What are you trying to do? What types of electronic appliances are you connecting this product to? 
card work window 95	Don't know... I had it in a windows 98SE machine and it was ok. It is now in a XP machine.
want run svideo dvd burner actually convert standard composite video signal svideo better quality	No. This is intended to use where a composite input is not available. The composite signal will always be of less quality that an original S-VHS.
work dell dimension 8200	I installed this in my Dell 8200 and it was fine running Windows XP. It did not work properly though when I installed Windows 7.
lgriffin especially pciusb2 card windows 98se computer get drivers card work	I went online to the manufacturer but it was many years ago and I'm not sure it is still supported on any sites. Sorry I'm not much help.
anyone installed apple computer running 1075 higher mac pro 11 one review stated help	Sorry, I've stayed with PowerPC. There it works fine. It may not be a bootable USB connection on your Mac Pro. 
video part look like	s-video male on blk end and rca video male on yellow end
card add high speed usb 20 ports dell dimension 3000 win xp sp3 desktop	as long as you have a pci slot on your board. this has worked flawlessly for me for years now. true 2.0 speed.
I really computer savvy question usb port buy compatable windows service pack two	Windows service pack 2 has Windows service pack 1 instaled first. So if you have SP 2 you also have SP 1. 
lens 2in1 polarizer uv filter noticed sell uv filters cp saw lens new filters	The filter is a polarizer only.
device work windows 7	I am not sure about Windows 7, my guess is that you may have issues with the software drivers. However, depending on your hardware, if you want to use Windows 7, I would look at this item: Anker USB 3.0 PCI-E Card with 4 USB 3.0 Ports and 15-Pin Power Connector for Desktops (AI410), also on Amazon.
size filter would use sony a6000 1650 lens	I'm sorry, I don't know Sony's products. I use Canon.
52mm version fit nikon zoomnikkor 55200mm f4056 afs dx g ed	http://www.nikonusa.com/en/Nikon-Products/Product/Camera-Lenses/AF-S-DX-VR-Zoom-Nikkor-55-200mm-f%252F4-5.6G-IF-ED.html The filter size notes 52mm in the tech specs. So, yes. It should fit.
fit nikon zoomnikkor 55200mm f4056 afs dx g ed	No. That lens requires a 52mm lens filter. This is a 58mm lens filter.
compatible canon t5i 55250stm lens	Filters are generic. Any filter can work on any lens, as long as the size (mm) match, so this filter is compatible with any 58mm lens. 
bought put sigma 70300 f4 56 dg macro telephoto zoom lensit goes tighten	As long as it stays on the lens and doesn't drop off you are probably OK. A polarizing filter needs to turn, that's how you adjust it to the maximum effect.
fit pci slot 5v	I have been using it in a standard PCI slot of an older Dell Optiplex 210L desktop since I bought it some time ago. It has worked fine and did not require any special set-up.
hold filter light see small lines glass normal first circularpol filter make sure scratches	Depends on what kind of light it is. If it's an unobstructed view of the sky there should be no lines or banding, with a possible opacity gradient (and supposedly no color temperature shift - that would be a hint of a cheap filter).
anyone used jewelry 60mm macro used jewelry shots items high polish domed cannot get rid reflections	I've used it for photographing watch faces before, and it does well at eliminating the reflections of light sources from that; however, if it could do the same for this jewelry you have is very dependent on things like the material, shape, and light control.
windows 7	"Windows 7" is not a question, so I'm not sure what you need to know. I simply added the 5-port USB to an old computer because my husband wanted to use a cordless mouse using a USB port, and there weren't enough ports.
used micro 43 lens olympus mzuiko 918mm	As long as the threading is spec'd for a 58mm filter, I don't see why not.
threading sides meaning buy 52mm one able attach 52mm nd filter onto	Yes. Just be aware that stacking filters lead to vignetting...
lens 2in1 polarizer uv filter noticed sell uv filters cp saw lens new filters	The filter is a polarizer only.
compatible canon t5i 55250stm lens	Filters are generic. Any filter can work on any lens, as long as the size (mm) match, so this filter is compatible with any 58mm lens. 
fit nikon zoomnikkor 55200mm f4056 afs dx g ed	No. That lens requires a 52mm lens filter. This is a 58mm lens filter.
52mm version fit nikon zoomnikkor 55200mm f4056 afs dx g ed	http://www.nikonusa.com/en/Nikon-Products/Product/Camera-Lenses/AF-S-DX-VR-Zoom-Nikkor-55-200mm-f%252F4-5.6G-IF-ED.html The filter size notes 52mm in the tech specs. So, yes. It should fit.
bought put sigma 70300 f4 56 dg macro telephoto zoom lensit goes tighten	As long as it stays on the lens and doesn't drop off you are probably OK. A polarizing filter needs to turn, that's how you adjust it to the maximum effect.
hold filter light see small lines glass normal first circularpol filter make sure scratches	Depends on what kind of light it is. If it's an unobstructed view of the sky there should be no lines or banding, with a possible opacity gradient (and supposedly no color temperature shift - that would be a hint of a cheap filter).
used micro 43 lens olympus mzuiko 918mm	As long as the threading is spec'd for a 58mm filter, I don't see why not.
anyone used jewelry 60mm macro used jewelry shots items high polish domed cannot get rid reflections	I've used it for photographing watch faces before, and it does well at eliminating the reflections of light sources from that; however, if it could do the same for this jewelry you have is very dependent on things like the material, shape, and light control.
size filter would use sony a6000 1650 lens	I'm sorry, I don't know Sony's products. I use Canon.
threading sides meaning buy 52mm one able attach 52mm nd filter onto	Yes. Just be aware that stacking filters lead to vignetting...
sony fe 55mm f18 za camera len len fit camera hood	Yes
fit fujifilm x30 fixed 28mm 112mm lens	You can use 52mm filters with your camera, but you will need a lens hood/filter adapter. Search "Fujifilm X20 Lens Hood and Filter Set" on Amazon to see the Fujifilm product. You may also want to search "Marumi 40mm 40 DHG MC Lens Protect Slim Filter for Fuji X10 made in Japan" on Amazon. 
would work x100t	My X100S has a fixed 23mm lens but I was able to screw this 49mm B+W filter onto it with no problem. I just had to remove a ring that was on the lens originally and once that ring was removed, I could screw the B+W filter on.
I bit novice picked fujifilm xs1 determine b w uv lens size buy	Google tech info on your camera. Remember, it's not the lens "size" you are looking for, but the diameter of the little threads for attaching filters and accessories. A quick look tells me 62mm, but double check.
nex7 e mount 1855mm filter use without adapter	I don't think this needs an adaptor. Since the filter size on the 18-55mm is 49mm, this Hoya filter should screw on without an adaptor.
filter pretty easy clean ie fingerprint smudge resistant filters I impossible get perfectly clean	HeyDave, there is no such thing as smudge resistant glass. The quality of this filter is above the rest and you clean like any other quality glass.
used filter received noticed sealing cut found faint smudge unpleasant urgent using	I have never received anything but "New" items from Amazon. B+W is a quality company that makes high quality products. 
difference filter xspro 49mm filter $8	Both are professional quality filters. The F-Pro filter is the standard model and works on most lenses. That is what I got. 
types brands lens filters buy instead one	There are LOTS of lens filter manufacturers out there, but the key requirement is quality glass, ground FLAT. 
fit sony sel16f28 16mm f28 wideangle lens nex series thanks	Good question. Although the SEL 16F2.8 has a 49mm thread size, it should fit, but best to check with Sony or your local camera store. 
new dslr's lens negatively aeffect d7000 sensor since need uv filter	No
filter cause vignetting 35mm lens 55300mm zoom lens	I have been using B & W filters for years, and have seen nothing to support the vignetting that this question poses.
thread sides asking want attach item protect lens attach optech fast cap	Yes
take standard nikon 52mm lens cap	It worked with my standard Canon 52mm lens cap
sorry asking I beginner correct size nikon d5200 18105 thank much	The correct filter size is 67mm for that lens.
ordering nikon 35 mm lens today would like know size filters buy fit lens	The 52mm lens filter should fit your 35mm lens--either f2 or f1.4. If there's any doubt, you can check the filter size under the lens specifications on Nikon USA's website.
got olympus epl5 wondering whether 52mm fit 1442mm len	The filter thread for that lens is 37mm. This info should be in the owners manual.
best way clean get dirty	I use some lens clean paper, you can also use air bulb.!never use can compressed air!!
common upon receiving small dusts filter tried magic microfiber brings small dusts	I didn't see any dust on mine. Did the package seem open?
one receive come case big slides around received sure normal	Mine was in a plastic case inside of a B+W box. 
filter negatively effect quality images distort way	Film was sensitive to UV and UV filters were commonly used years ago to keep sky shots from being washed out; ie to keep them more blue. Todays digital cameras aren't sensitive to UV so the filter isn't needed. 
filter allow lens cap grip stay mounted lens filter	I use the standard "pinch/spring" lens cap that comes with the Canon lenses, and this lens cap can be used when the filter is attached to the lens.
fit nikon 18105 mm lens current one 67mm another company	Yes, it will fit the Nikon 18-105.
item grey market anyone know confirm surprisingly inexpesive great filter legit	Juan, you are mistaken. Manufacturers set the wholesale prices for their products at different levels depending on the country in which the item is being sold. 
fit panasonic lumix g series dmcg6kk 1442mm ii lens	No, it won't. The Panasonic 14-42mm II Lens takes a 46 mm filter.
would uv filter fit nikon afs dx nikkor 18140mmg ed vr lens could touch front glass nikon lens	Not sure. Try going to Amazon.com and see the filter offered when you shop for the Nikkor 18-140mmG ED VR. I use CANON so I'm not to savvy regarding Nikon, but this would be my suggestion.
stacking filters canon 24105 ls usm lens cause vignetting add b&ampw polarizing filter top b&ampw protective filter without causing vignetting	Yes you will see vignetting near the 24mm range and maybe in the 30mm range. If you use the polarizing filter take off the UV filter first. 
vignetting wide angle 10 24 nikon lens need get thin	I don't believe you do - I get no vignetting on my Tokina 12-28 at 12mm on my DX3200 at all, not even a trace. 
fit new canon powershot sx 60 hs	I use this for Nikon lens and fit correctly and work excellent.
size buy lenses canon efs 55250mm f4056 ii telephoto zoom lens andor efs 1855mm f3556 lens thank	Look on the lens. The lens diameter is printed on it. Buy that size.
fit tamron 28300 lens	Depends what model you have. Look in your lens cap and it should say the size in there for example 67 or 77. =mm If it says 67 in the lens cap then you are good to go.
filter rating 1a 1b 15a 15b etc describe amount uv filtering	I just looked at mine and it shows "B+W 58 010 UV - Haze 1x MRC". The manufacturers website is at: https://www.schneideroptics.com/Ecommerce/CatalogItemDetail.aspx?CID=630&IID=5722 B&H Photo says the filter factor is 1.0.
nikon 18200mm fx 14g 50mm dx 1024mm lens find adapters want buy 77mm filters	The adapter rings are pretty easy to find at most photo stores or online -Amazon, B&H or Adorama etc. 
makes condition lens described good vs like new marks scratches lens visible signs	It would seem that only the seller can say what is the definition or description of "very good" vs. "like new". 
need buy uv filter additionally circular polarizer fulfill requirement uv filter	The short answer is you need both. Circular Polarizers allow you to control glare and light diffusion - in other words, when you turn the filter, you can darken the image or lighten the image, as well as reducing glare from reflections or increase the "blue" in the sky as well, among other things. 
bw 77mm mrc vs 77mm non mrc I I would like give thoughts bw 77mm mrc vs 77mm non mrc	I erroniouslly purchased the non coated version for my wife. She is a sunrise/sunset photographer. The non coated version allowed significant lense flare when pointed into the sun. While on vacation, we met another photographer who had the coated UVA filter. She had the same problem we did, only bought the MRC and hasn't had a problem since. 
filter work canon efs 1022 lens anyone tried filter lens	It fits physically, but only works starting from somewhere around 11.5mm - at 10mm you will notice the filter's bezel in the corners.
fit canon 70200 telephoto lens	It depends on which Canon 70-200 lens you have. The less expensive f/4.0L models (with or without IS) take 67mm size filters. The more expensive f/2.8L models (non-IS, IS and IS version II) all take 77mm size filters.
dslr filters 2 downside buying nonuv filters fit biggest lens &amp using step rings w rest	Theoretically no, but I prefer having a filter on EVERY lens I have at all times. That way I don't have to worry about making switches, or ruining a lens without a filter
filter fit nikon 50 mm 118 g lens	No, it is 77mm, while Nikon 50mm has a diameter of 52mm.
product used nikkor 28300mm lenses	If your lens is the same 77mm diameter as this filter, yes. Otherwise no.
new thin pro mount filter work properly canon 1022mm lens without issues	I have the "Regular" B&W UV filter on my Canon 10-22 with no vignetting. I took 2 shots for you off my deck. 
filter fit canon 24105mm lens kit lens thanks	The Canon EF 24-105mm f/4L IS USM AF Lens has 77mm threads so this filter will fit it.
anyone filter bw 77mm kaesemann circular polarizer multiresistant coating prefer one	Yes, I have both. There isn't much point to the Clear UV Haze filter as far as having any positive effect on your photographs. 
2 ccm65 speaker bw speakers need new covers	No, I do not have them .
use canon ef 70200mm f28l ii usm telephoto zoom lens	Yes.
slim regular bw kaesemann filter anyone advice opinion regular kaesemann circular polarizer vs slim version roughly price	I've owned both the Polarizer and 010M filter for the Canon 24-105 MM and can guarantee you will see vignetting at 24mm with the Polarizer and a slight darkening with the 010M (UV) filters. 
would polarizer bw 77mm clear uv haze multiresistant coating 010m good tokina 12mm24mm f4 pro dx give vignetting	I would wager based on my experience with the B&W standard lens filters that you would see some vignetting on both of these filters, even with the 010M I have to be aware of a slight darkening of the edges of my photo if I back off to 17mm ( I currently shoot a 17-40mm lens) 
anyone filter bw 77mm clear uv haze multiresistant coating prefer one	So... these filters serve two different purposes. The UV filter that I purchased is on my lens to protect the first element when I'm in situations that require me to be less than 100% diligent about where my lens is. A hood serves the same purpose so I supposed it is kinda redundant redundant... The Circular Polarizer is designed to reduce glare coming off of non-metallic surfaces. It can add "pop" to landscapes and cloud scapes much in the same way that polarized sunglasses do for your eyes. They do reduce the amount of light that makes it to your sensor and you'll need to take this into consideration. Hope that helps.
haze	UV Haze Filters are designed to correct for UV effects and eliminate haze from your photos. They are designed to have minimum to no impact on exposure (within reason, nothing is perfect). 
67mm filters normaly ship 77mm case mine surprised much bounced around thanks	My 58mm B+W UV filters both came in a 77mm case... they slide around a lot horizontally, but I don't think the glass ends up touching anything..
would recommend using filter portrait work enhance colors would better clear filter	It enhances colors outside in sunlight. I have not used it with flash indoors.
excuse naivet&eacute need remove filter shooting nightfall shooting indoors filter replace	The circular polarizer is used to remove glare and darken sky's. 
anyone know thickness filter 5mm 7mm	I have 77 mm filters so can't help with 67 mm.
use filter b&ampw soft focus pro filter time need compensate thank	I have no idea on using this filter with a soft focus at the same time; but yes, if it fits, you will have 1.5 stops at least to compensate.
filter work nikon 5200 camera	It screws on/in to the lens, not the camera.
difference compared bw 58mm clear uv haze multiresistant coating 010m one better different purposes	They are for completely different purposes. 
leave time put really sunny outside	I only use it when I want to subdue reflections in something, or make the sky bluer and clouds pop out. Otherwise, the reduced amount of light is annoying.
hello 50mm 14 lens camera t4i need polarizer filter size please	Is this the one? http://www.amazon.com/Canon-Standard-Medium-Telephoto-Cameras/dp/B00009XVCZ It's 58mm
compatible canon t5i 55250stm lens	Since I don't have the Canon t5i 55-250 stm lens, I have to say I don't know to 100% certainty. 
anyone know thickness frame excluding rear thread section	The 77mm diameter version is 4mm thick at the frame, excluding the rear thread section. 
polarizing filter compatible tamron lenses canon eos 40d camera tamron lens able mount filter	Just order the right size to fit your lens and there is no reason it should not be compatible.
fit sony a77ii stock sal1650 lens	Yes. That lens (SAL 1650) takes a filter thread diameter of 72 mm, so any 72 mm filter will fit it.
bw 72mm clear uv haze mrccan use filter canon 35mm f14 without vignetting need get slim version	I don't have the 35mm lens in question to give you a reliable answer. 
f pro &amp make difference keep uv haze filter lenses want replace cheaper ones better filters	Not sure what the F Pro badge adds, but can say that I ordered another B&W at the same time I ordered this one, both my first time with B&W, and will not buy another filter other than B&W in the future- they are actually much better quality than the others I have used.
fit fujuifilm s1	The lens that comes with the Fuijifilm S1 camera is a 62 MM lens, so you need to find a 62 mm UV haze filter. BY 62 mm I don't mean the focal length, I mean the actual physical diameter of the lens, and does not always have much to do with the focal length. 
anyone notice sort af lag using filter experienced cheaper brands	I've noticed absolutely no difference in autofocus time. Also, the glass appears so much more clear to me than the cheaper brands.
fit nikon 18200mm lens	Yes a 72mm filter should fit
fit canon 85mm medium telephoto lens	The 72 mm filter will fit the canon EF 85 mm f1.2, but the EF 85 mm f1.8 lens takes a 58 mm filter
fit canon ef35mm f14 usm lens	The fit is dependent upon the size of the screws on the front of the lens. 
fit 72mm afs nikkor 2485mm lens	Yes, ofcause.Keep remember to mention the rim size.BW filter is a very best filter I ever used.
anyone know strap would work g5 g5 flat strip feed strap protrude bit camera	yes&#65292;It can fit almost any camera linked&#65281;
attach fuji x100s	I looped the ends through the triangle connectors that came with the x100s.
release black plastic endcaps expose ring	Pull up/slide the caps away from the d ring. Takes a firm pull
good idea attach nikon d7100 35mm prime lens	It would certainly work if what you are looking for is a more inconspicuous strap than your traditional black/yellow Nikon strap, but you should consider the weight of the substantial 7100 distributed over a relatively smaller area of your neck or shoulder due to the somewhat thinner profile of this strap. 
long strap	I haven't measured it, but it is long enough for my purposes. One of web descriptions says that it is 42" - long.
keep reading conflicting info regarding max usable length say 42 others 48 say 52 make one model right	They only make one
length strap inches long enough you'e 200 pound male wear sling strap	It has more than sufficient adjustment for me and I'm 70 inches and 170 lbs. 
long strap inches one answer says 48 I heard go 52 anyone confirm max length thanks	I have it at 48 but it'll go longer, perhaps 52 as you suggest.
strap work nikon d5300 cameras	I don't have a d5300 so don't know for sure...but it works great on both my Nikon D50 and D7000 so I am guessing it will. Great strap, btw. Good luck.
long strap min length max length	About 48" Maximum length- minimum, whatever you make it.
use canon ef 70200mm f28l ii usm telephoto zoom lens	Yes.
2 ccm65 speaker bw speakers need new covers	No, I do not have them .
would polarizer bw 77mm clear uv haze multiresistant coating 010m good tokina 12mm24mm f4 pro dx give vignetting	I would wager based on my experience with the B&W standard lens filters that you would see some vignetting on both of these filters, even with the 010M I have to be aware of a slight darkening of the edges of my photo if I back off to 17mm ( I currently shoot a 17-40mm lens) The polarizer will definitely vignette. 
67mm filters normaly ship 77mm case mine surprised much bounced around thanks	My 58mm B+W UV filters both came in a 77mm case... they slide around a lot horizontally, but I don't think the glass ends up touching anything..
would recommend using filter portrait work enhance colors would better clear filter	It enhances colors outside in sunlight. I have not used it with flash indoors.
use filter b&ampw soft focus pro filter time need compensate thank	I have no idea on using this filter with a soft focus at the same time; but yes, if it fits, you will have 1.5 stops at least to compensate.
excuse naivet&eacute need remove filter shooting nightfall shooting indoors filter replace	The circular polarizer is used to remove glare and darken sky's. 
anyone know thickness filter 5mm 7mm	I have 77 mm filters so can't help with 67 mm.
slim regular bw kaesemann filter anyone advice opinion regular kaesemann circular polarizer vs slim version roughly price	I've owned both the Polarizer and 010M filter for the Canon 24-105 MM and can guarantee you will see vignetting at 24mm with the Polarizer and a slight darkening with the 010M (UV) filters. 
filter fit canon efs 1855mm f3556 lens comes eos 70d camera	Yes it will fit, as it is using the same 58mm thread. I tried that on the non-IS version, but the IS version should work.
anyone filter bw 77mm clear uv haze multiresistant coating prefer one	So... these filters serve two different purposes.
size filter would use canon 100 macro lens	Canon makes two 100mm Macro lenses. The L series lens is the f/2.8 L IS USM with a filter size of 67mm. The non-L Series lens is the f/2.8 USM with a filter size of 58mm.
filter fit canon 50sx hs	Sheldon, Good news and bad. The B & W 58mm filter will not fit on the Canon Power Shot SX50 HS. However, according to DPREVIEW you can purchase a Canon Filter adapter (FA-DC67A). 
canon t5ii believe 58mm canon t5i's 58mm using standard 18x55 lens	The Canon EF-S 18-55 IS STM lens has a filter diameter of 58mm.
need anything special attatch 58mm filter fuji 1855mm284 screw lens	It screwed directly onto my lens, but I have not tried it on a fuji lens.
85mm f18 creates lot purple chromatic aberration shooting wide open f18 filter help eliminate purple outlining	I tried to duplicate your problem with the B+W filter. I noticed no purple problems with it on but slight fringing w/o.
fit nikon 55300 lens	Yes, the 58 mm filter should fit your Nikon lens. I have a Canon camera/Canon lenses. 
fit bower sly1428c ultra wide angle 14mm f28 canon ef85mm f18 usm telephoto	Since Canon EF 85mm 1.8 has flter size 58mm - YES, it will fit. 
film run revere 8 model 50 camera	this super 8 film will not work in the revere 8 model 50, which used 8mm film [not super 8mm]. 
work canon auto zoom 1218	I am not familiar with all Canon models, but this does sound like a Super 8 camera. As long as it is a Super 8 camera, this film will work. 
film work victor cine model 4	The Victor Cine Model 4 looks as if it predates the Super 8mm format. It probably only accepts either Standard 8mm or 16mm film. That's my best guess anyways.
fit nikon zoomnikkor 55200mm f4056 afs dx g ed	Check the filter size. It is specified by "" (the Cyrillic character phi). Each lens should have a number in millimeters following this symbol. 
film work kodak brownie movie camera ii	In my research, no.
new factory fresh film old expired stock years ago	The one I got was fresh
new stock expired	It's a new one, Gojira. Best! William.
work canon reflex zoom 83	No. This is what one commonly refers to as an 8mm, Reguar 8 or Double 8 camera, which preceded the Super 8 camera which appeared on 1965. The film in question is Super 8 film and would not work in this type of camera. 
film fit canon 814 super 8 camera	yes it will work
tamron 18270 lens concerns thickness interfering lens hood anything else	I use it on my tamron 18-270 and have NO trouble with the lens hood. 
film work revere model 88	No
work chinon 1206 sm xl super 8	Hi there Patrick. All super 8 film is universal. It's a very easy format to work with. 
compatible sony slta37m 18135mm lens	The lens you are referring to uses a 62mm filter. This filter comes in various sizes.
fir micro four thirds lens specifically olympus zuiko 1240 f28 thanks	If it is a camera lens and it has a 62mm female thread in front of the front lens element then it will accept the B+W 62mm filter. 
filter threads able fit standard nikon lens cap	Sorry I bought this for the x100s, not sure if cap would fit
work nikon lens	of course
filter fit sony rx10 still use lens cap	Yes, RX-10 uses 62mm filter thread and the lens cap should fit over the filter
fugi 1855mm lens lens fit	Robert, no. For that lens you need the 58mm thread. Unfortunately Fuji has not standardized there filter threads, so it can be a pain getting different sized filters, but that is the case for now.
right filter sigma macro 105mm f28 exdg os hsm thanks	Yes it is. The Sigma lens uses filters with standard thickness rim - which this B&W is.
dimensions backpack dimensions base	Hi Laura - Product Dimensions: 17 x 13 x 9 inches ; 3 pounds. quality is great too!!!
fit smaller laptop	Yes. It fits laptops up to 17" plenty of extra room in it, so it will definitely fit smaller laptops with lots of room. If you have lots of stuff to carry around, this is definitely great.
anyone file warranty claim targus customer service replacement repair	I'm sure you have resolved this but Targus service is great. They have replaced several of my bags that ripped. I'm rough on them.
bought 62mm nikon coolpix l820 large size order	Hi, as i understand the L820 has no lens thread and therefore no "official" way of adapting neither a hood nor a filter. I found a company that created a set for this: KIWIFOTOS LA-62L820T. It is in ebay though.
current backpack tends fall easily laptop inside backpack decent base stand well	It depends on how full the middle compartment is, but if it is then yes.
bottom well padded	Yes
item rolling briefcase reviews backpack	I see why. When you click it it has three different types XL Backpack, XL carrying case, and XL Rolling case. Many of the people bought the backpack which is great. 
compatible canon t5i 55250stm lens	The Canon EF-S 55-250mm f4-5.6 IS lens requires a 58mm filter mount. The B+W Kaesemann Polarizer filter is 58mm so the answer to you "specific" question is yes. 
much weight hold carry 30 pounds textbooks daily	Hi, Actually, I bought the targus backack 17" and it holds all his high school books, 2 binders and supplies. 
top loading	yes only to loading, however there is a more narrow compartment that opens completely up.
longest someone backpack durable big well hold transported everyday basis	I had my first one for 8 years. Used it here for 6 years and for two years in Africa. It's strong.
cable top handle zippers heavy duty put extra set cloths travel	there is no cable in the top handle as far as I can see. The zippers are medium duty, which I have not had any problems with as of yet. Yes it will easily hold an extra set of clothes. It's very roomy even with all my laptop gear included. 
dimensions backpack dimensions base	Hi Laura - Product Dimensions: 17 x 13 x 9 inches ; 3 pounds. quality is great too!!!
anyone file warranty claim targus customer service replacement repair	I'm sure you have resolved this but Targus service is great. They have replaced several of my bags that ripped. 
current backpack tends fall easily laptop inside backpack decent base stand well	It depends on how full the middle compartment is, but if it is then yes.
item rolling briefcase reviews backpack	I see why. When you click it it has three different types XL Backpack, XL carrying case, and XL Rolling case. Many of the people bought the backpack which is great. 
bottom well padded	Yes
top loading	yes only to loading, however there is a more narrow compartment that opens completely up.
much weight hold carry 30 pounds textbooks daily	Hi, Actually, I bought the targus backack 17" and it holds all his high school books, 2 binders and supplies. It is big, sturdy and holds a lot. 
longest someone backpack durable big well hold transported everyday basis	I had my first one for 8 years. Used it here for 6 years and for two years in Africa. It's strong.
highest tripod set distance top table	8.75 inches with legs spread for the greatest stability. With legs closer together (less stability) about 11 inches. 
tripod come ball head need purchased separately thanks	It comes with the ball-head in the photo. It's able to hold a Canon 5DMK3 + 16-35mm very well. Anything heavier, not so much.
cable top handle zippers heavy duty put extra set cloths travel	there is no cable in the top handle as far as I can see. The zippers are medium duty, which I have not had any problems with as of yet. Yes it will easily hold an extra set of clothes. 
fit smaller laptop	Yes. It fits laptops up to 17" plenty of extra room in it, so it will definitely fit smaller laptops with lots of room. If you have lots of stuff to carry around, this is definitely great. 
support nikon d7000 18300 lens	Don't think it will. I have a d80 with the stock zoom that came with it and this tripod and it would support it. I have since bought a gorilla pod which was much better.
tall tripod collapsed travel	8.75" (x 2.75")
tripod come storage bag	yes. it does. the texture feels like rough, scratchy corduroy, which i don't like. but it does the job.
ball head come meaning replace better ball head	No. It's designed such that nothing gets loose and lost. You may play around with it to open the ball head holder, but there is no guarantee what you'll end up with.
country origin label say made	Made in Thailand.
ball head unscrew legs attach stronger head	Yes. Just hold the short central vertical section, and twist the ball head which screws out. You can then attach another head. Thread size of the screw same as that above for camera attachment.
used autoguider see guideport port imagine thank	Sorry I meant to say, "No"
motor drive work bresser messier exos 2 mount maybe advanced cg5 compatibility	I checked out the owner's manual online for the Advanced CG5. The slow motion control knobs would have to be removed from their shafts to mount the Celestron Dual Axis motors. 
work celestron powertank instead dcell batteries	If the voltage is close to 6 volts. I use 2 lithium ion cells which I got out of an old laptop battery and it works great plus it's very portable. 
drive hooked ac power 18778 want rely batteries time	No, you can't use that unit... it is 12 volts. You need a 6 volt power supply for the #93522 Dual Axis Motor Drive. Also, you need to be sure that the 6 volt unit you buy has a polarity of "tip positive".
compatible celestron astromaster 70az	No it is not. The 70az is on an azimuth mount. This is designed for an equitorial mount. I personally didnt enjoy this motor drive anyways.
userable eq5	I don't believe it is. It is for the CG4 Equatorial Mount.
unit work mount comes twin star 6 short tube telescope	It will work on any scope loaded on a CG-4 equatorial mount. If your mount is a CG-4, it will work; if not, it won't.
hold 100 ft 123 extension cord	I keep 100 feet of 12/3 cord on mine and there is room for some more. I do roll mine up neatly with no gaps, but when it is returned by a neighbor who is not as particular as I and does a sloppy job, it still fits.
used skywatcher 150750mm eq3 mount	These stepper motors were designed specifically for the Celestron CG4 Equatorial mount. I am not familiar with the SkyWatcher mount but if the shaft diameters and physical set up are similar it might be possible.
used orion spaceprobe 130st german equatiorial mount	No
see reel handle 125' 143 150' 163 handle 100ft 103 I assuming 123 big 100' cord handle	125' of 14/3, yes. 150' of 16/3, yes. 100' of 10/3 maybe, it'd be close. 
cord unplugged wind unwind cord real pain much work real reel type cord holders	No problem for me. I usually place the reel about two feet from wall receptical. I have two feet of cord stuffed in the outlet of the reel "core" hole. First pull out 100 feet of cord, Second plug into wall [still running through the reel. After use, unplug from outlet, roll up on reel.
completly unwind cord use pull need	You can unwind as much as you need as long as you are using about half the maximum current for the cord on the reel. 
setting automatically start tracking ra	No. As soon as you turn the power switch to on the RA motor begins to function.
possible mount underneath desk using adhesives	No
leave extension cord plugged wind unwind cord	No you can not. It will twist the cord and damage it.
cord included	no it is not included - you have to buy it yourself.
get extra mounting brackets	I called the manufacturer and purchased them over the phone. I cannot remember what they cost.
anyone know much 38 air hose thing hold 50 feet	I can't answer that for you. However HarborFreight sells a surprisingly nice, permanent mount air hose reel made of steel. 
many pictures come	You get 2 packs of 10 pictures each. So 20 total pics.
fit fujifilm instal 8	Are you asking if it fits in the Fujifilm instax mini 8? If so, then yes it works perfectly!
dimensions white space photo	Looking at the picture in landscape (rectangular) format the dimensions are: Picture Length = 2.5 inches Picture Height = 1.75 inches White space = 0.51 inches
fits fuji mini 90	hi, yes it does
look photo prints	Nope. It ejects immediately after you snap a photo.
called twin pack	Because it has Two cartridges, each containing Ten films
10 pack pandora 10 pack rainbow	I think if is just pandora
work polaroid 300 camera	Yes, I have the Polaroid 300 cameras and this film is literally the same thing. I buy instax because the film is cheaper than the polaroid brand, but I bought the polaroid camera because it's cheaper than the Fuji one. 
film used polaroid 300 instant film	These can only be used for Instax brand Polaroids specifically 210
camera worth cost	Yes! The quality is not amazing, however its perfect size and I love the original filter. You won't be disappointed. 
polaroid instax mini film	It's for Fuji Instax, not Polaroid. There are only two sizes of Fuji Instax cameras/film - Mini and Wide. 
film fujifilm mini 8	No. This is the film for the wide camera. For the Fujifilm Mini 8, look for the "Instax mini film"
long take film develop	Its pretty quick- 20 seconds?
wanting 12 boxes please tell expiration side boxthanks	You need to ask a seller this question, not Amazon customers. However I have ordered film from Amazon sellers (fulfilled by Amazon) and received film expired by a year! 
use film polaroid one step	Nope
film work barbie polaroid 6000 camera also always come open foil	No' it won't work on any 6000 or 600 Polaroid cameras those films are slitetly diffrent. 
want buy lot packages example 20 boxes 10 prints need shipping illinois much cost	Please add 20 boxes to your shopping cart and the shipping charges will automatically be configured for you.
expiration date film	Idk, to be honest, I dont think they expire, unless you are going to leave that there for 3-4 years. I already used mine
size printed pictures wide film	2 7/16" high and 3 7/8' wide is the actual printed portion.
exactly camera working camera right	It depends on if you get the "body only" or the "kit". 
kit include camera body lens additional accesories	camera body, lense included no other extras
camera record video sound	No. It's also extremely outdated with image quality.
interchangeable lenses get batterys accessories	Yes this camera accepts the "EF" series of lenses that fits all canon digital cameras. Batteries can be found on amazon for about $15.00 per pair. 
best compact flash card use canon camera weddings	I've always used Scadisk
film fujifilm instax 210	Yes 210 is wide instax
anyone know camera one released 2003 original model box 8861a001aa	whats the number on the bottom of the camera? I have one just like it. It's the first one. I think it's a 6.3 meg pix. I loved it. 
mp	it is ok got it for my kids first camera. But I think it is a Heavy Body and Bulky.
take good action shots	yes, when you have everything set correctly
interchangeable lenses get batterys accessories	Yes this camera accepts the "EF" series of lenses that fits all canon digital cameras. Batteries can be found on amazon for about $15.00 per pair. 
exactly camera working camera right	It depends on if you get the "body only" or the "kit". The body only model, while a working camera, doesn't have a lens, so unless you have a Canon Lens lying around to attach to the body, you won't be taking any pictures. 
kit include camera body lens additional accesories	camera body, lense included no other extras
camera take photos shoot videos also	Marcus - This is an early DSLR from Canon, without a video function. It's just a camera. 
camera record video sound	No. It's also extremely outdated with image quality.
best compact flash card use canon camera weddings	I've always used Scadisk
camera take video	No Video on this camera.
take good action shots	yes, when you have everything set correctly
checked canon website 1022mm diameter 77mm 1635 diameter 82mm would fit lenses different diameter	It will fit the older version of 16-35 which was 77mm. Canon updated to the 16-35 f2.8 L ll which does have 82mm threads. 
bayonet screw hood screw hood work polarized filter	The hood is bayonet mounted. Filters that screw into the lens threads will not affect the installation or performance of the lens hood. You can also reverse the hood on the lens for storage.
would lens hood fit 10mm22mm canon lens	Hi, I use the EW-83E lens hood all the time with my EF10-22 lens, and there's no problem - works fine. Be advised that because of the ultra-wide angle nature of the lens, that this lens hood is considerably wider in diameter than the lens. 
work newer cannon f4l 1635 mm	No - Canon the EF 16-35mm f/4L IS USM uses an EW-82 hood. See http://www.usa.canon.com/cusa/consumer/products/cameras/ef_lens_lineup/ef_16_35mm_f_4l_is_usm#SuppliesAndAccessories
hello purchased canon efs 1022mm f3545 lens correct lens hood lens thanks	Yes
fit 1635mm f28 usm ii write sale site fit something wrong	Hello for 16-35mm f / 2.8 USM II model is Canon hood EW-88, you have to return it.
others canon hoods comparable ew83f	The EW83E lens hood fits the Canon 17-40 L lens specifically. It has a 77mm thread and this particular hood flares out quite a bit to avoid vignetting on the rather wide 17mm end. It will of course fit any lens with a 77mm opening but it most useful for this wide angle zoom lens. 
hood fit 1018mm lens	No, the 10-18mm lens is a 67mm lens as the hood is 77mm
noise cancellation lot chatter office	No noise cancellation. Works well for the purpose intended, though.
work panasonic rr830 standard cassette transcriber	Sorry, I do not know. I just plug it into my PC. If your cassette transcriber is similar to the Audio plug in to a PC, I think it would work.
use hood canon 1755 f28	Nope you need the EW-83J
supposed wear head chin	under the chin - you can tell because it's not adjustable (i've been doing transcription for almost 14 years)
cord length697or 528	69.7 in length of cord. Its long enough to wrap it around my tower twice and have enough to still be comfortable.
laptop compartment hold 15inch laptop	I have dell 15" and it fits fine not sure what kind you have but pretty sure you wont have a problem....really nice bag
fit 70d 60d wbattery grip 6d 70300 18135 50 1020mm laptop usual accessories cables cards chargers	YES! It will fit it nicely with room to spare. I absolutely love mine. 
could compare canon 100dg bag lowepro magnum bag	After looking at the LowePro Magnum, there doesn't seem to be much actual difference, except price. I really like mine. All dividers are adjustable. Extra space on zippered compartments on the end. 
reason bought bag free shipping buying saw shipping included fare business	Thank you for posting your question. I'm sorry for any inconvenience experienced with your order. Our customer service center will be happy to assist you.
item new used refurnished thanks	Mine was brand new, all the tags on and plastic wrapped. I will say this-- it's heavy!
w xh 7l demensions	Sorry I don't have the bag. I gave the bag as a gift 2 a friend.
many cameras lenses fit	At present, I have my Canon 30D w/ 28-35 macro IS lens, 30+ filters, flash attachment and diffusers, 2 extra lenses, remote trigger, Canon HF11 camcorder w/ spare batteries, laptop, GoPro Hero 3 with additional cases, attachments and spare batteries, software, a collapsible tripod strapped to the front bottom of the case, chargers for all the batteries and there is still plenty of room to spare. 
work ti3	Yes it works great with the ti3. Love it
metal buckles	Yes. The buckles are all brushed stainless steel and very sturdy. 
different 1855 lens one compatible eos 450d	It is my understanding that 99.9% of canon lenses fit all bodies. 35mm or digital.
stereo headphones	Yes, they are. Although they are not adjustable; meaning I cannot wear them over the top of my head because the earplugs don't reach my ears. 
work ok without image stabilization find need image stabilization	Image stabilization is very important.
adapter fit slot sony super steady shot dsct30	YES IT DID THANK U.
would adapter works 128mb sony magic gate memory stick	Sorry. I don't know. I have used it with 2, 4, 8 and 16GB.
adaptor work sony dscs85	I do not know anything about that Sony model.
fit sony dcr pc330	Sorry, no it does not.
adapter hold pro duo sticks fit pro slot	Yes, It does hold Pro Duo sticks and fit in a Pro slot. Works great!!
memory stick duo replacement adaptor work sony dscp10 cybershot	No
old sony cybershot dsc s85 adapter work	YES
regular sized mean size	The original memory sticks were about an inch longer than the current ones. If your device takes the longer sticks you need the adapter to use the shorter (memory stuck pro) style or you can't get them out IF you manage to get it all the way in.
many gbs	This photo is only the adapter. The actual memory slides into it. Memory can be anywhere from 128K to 16 megs. 
transcription anyone tell ever used 'phones purpose transcription	I'm very picky about voice clarity and fidelity in my headphones. I've done a little voice transcription with worse headphones. I think these'll be fine, as long as you're comfortable with earbuds. 
bought sony memory stick prohg duoafter opening package found fit sony dcshx50v camerawill adapter work	I think that camera takes a regular sd card. So this would not help.
many db ambient noise blocked shure e2 sound isolating ear buds	These do not use electronic noise cancelling, so the attenuation is all mechanical, and very dependent on the user's selection and fit of the earpiece "sleeve" in each ear. Moreover, the amount of attenuation varies by frequency (the loudness of bass, midrange, and treble components in the ambient noise)
shure model suffer cable rot earphone exist company	I thought it was just me! I got my pair in summer '07, and they failed less than a year later. I had them replaced via Shure, and now the replacements have failed again. 
difference e2 e2c difference e2 e2c	Hello Alex. As far as I know, the "c" in E2C indicates that this is the "consumer" version of this product, as opposed to the professional version. 
size vs bass	I disagree. The lack of bass comes not from the E2C, but from using the rubber-type mounts. Use the foam instead, and practice making sure the foam portion is ENTIERLY INSIDE the ear canal. 
hi please u give size weight boxes turntables inside thanks	"Hi, 20 kgs."
amzing many poor spellers international spelling know	I'm the one who wrote base instead of bass. I normally spell it right, but not the day that I wrote the review. 
shure's still toxic shure cleanup act earbuds still toxic	Perhaps the label is to caution people like you who might otherwise let their toddlers teeth on them. This is the foolish remark of a person who lacks attention span, vocabulary and knowledge(note the purpose of the posting string). 
e2c ship amazon ordered $40 price amazon says expect 8th october	Did the "false advertising" cause you to lose money? I ordered mine and received them on Monday of last week. It sounds like they are trying to make good by informing you of the shipping delay and showing you how to cancel the order should you choose to do so. 
set looks like I getting bad ground 2 use serato I using shure m447'sany suggestions	When you have connection issues, first thing is to clean the contacts on the back of the headshell with alcohol or a good contact cleaner like DeoxIt. if that does not restore connections, then you need to do more detailed troubleshooting.
dose come flight case	Mine arrived on its original box
dustcover 45 adapter	I do not understand?
understand remove film camera	Hi You don't remove the film. If you take it to a film processing store or a target or drug store that processes film they will print the pictures for you.
get photos developed elsewhere like photographing studio private videographer get developed place bought	you can develope it at any stores like target/ CVS/ or walmart.
work	They work just like any other disposable camera. Advance the film with the thumb lever until it stops. Point and aim thru the viewfinder. Then press the shutter button. When all the photos have been taken, just take to any processor for your prints.
camera flash	No, you must take pictures in very strong light
many pics take	can't remember, but I would NEVER buy a Kodak again - Lousy PICS
since fn button limits relative new keyboard compatible newer products	I don't know what newer products you're referring to, but the one I have doesn't have the "FN" key either, but I don't find ANY limitations, and I use mine with a MacBook Pro with Mavericks installed. The FN key is a fundamental modifier key on the limited keyboard, but with the full-sized keyboard, there aren't any real limitations. 
flat keyboard older one slightly raised keys	Hey Joan- This keyboard is the shape and structure of the CLASSIC design. NOT flat. Has the look and feel of the older design keyboard, yet it's still Bluetooth. 
hello cartridge include	There is no cartridge included.
advance film camera	Just turn the knob on the top
keyboard compatible imac mid 2011 mode 13333mhz ddr3 memory 27 ghz quad core i5 usb 20	It should be fine. I have a similar, quite old (&gt; 5 years old), keyboard that works perfectly with a late 2012 iMac.
keyboard compatible ox x yosemite10101	No drivers required. It isn't a P.C. If your MAC is Bluetooth enabled, it's compatable.
keyboard come manual idea set	go to Bluetooth manager and look for a keyboard and it should just show up even without doing anything on the keyboard. other than just turning it on.
keyboard eject button ejecting cd's stuff	It has an eject key, just like all genuine Apple keyboards do. Mine works very well, and when used in conjunction with the option and command keys, it will trigger the sleep command. 
keyboard compatible newest imac currently market	I have successfully used one on a MacBook Pro 15" & 13" laptops. It uses a bluetooth interface for connecting to the laptops.
work dell 7120 server	It is a standard rack. From what I see on the Dell 7120r (note the r), those will fit fine into the rack.
weight capacity rack without casters	800 lbs
nongaming applications anyone using office productivity software	Seeing that I'm able to scroll up and down in IE right now, I'd say yes! The SpeedPad operates like a numeric keypad, only more complex. One could map Save and Insert Chart from MS Word into a profile, if you're into that.
work windows 8	It works on my PC running Windows 8
mmpog anyone use play mmpog's wow eqol ffxi	Yep. I originally got it for SWG, and now use it for WoW. I couldn't play WoW without it. 
rack ship fully assembled assemble shipped	You have to assemble.
come screws cage nuts	Yes it comes with some but I bought another package to install all the accessories
mechanical	No, they're rubber dome, they're very, very stiff, and the product as a whole is poorly designed, particularly for anyone who doesn't have tiny hands.
belkin nostromo vs razer nostromo diffrence	The main difference is the Razer has one more bank of five keys, and the software stores your settings in the cloud. I find it very much better than the nostromo, even though I have 2 nostromos.
apc offer plugged equipment warranty	Yes. It does cover attached equipment, but very limited. Still, I love this device.
little surge protector still work plugged 2 prong adapter	No. It is three-pronged. Which means it is a grounded plug. The third prong is for safety If you use it with an adapter, it will disable the circuit protection and safety feature if an electrical surge comes through.
cannot get n52 work windows 81 trick belkin's software goes xp	When I bought mine, it was a gift to someone else - and think it was so complicated that he never even got it working in XP. Win 8.1? Pretty new OS - may be worth checking a Belkin Nostromo SppedPad N52 User's Forum - I assume there's one out there somewhere. 
surge protector continue supply power surge occurred desirable want connect freezer	Yes
compatible almost 2year old 13 inch macbook pro thanks	I'm assuming Macbook Pro shouldn't be any different as far as power supply is concerned.
plugged lower duplex outlet upper outlet accessible undersink outlet switched upper outlet disposal apc protected dishwasher	on the plug I have when its plugged into the lower outlet the top one is still usable for a standard plug, as for protection a dishwasher not sure about that.
question sort outputs	I have this and don't see any outputs at all.
fyiinteresting apc site lists surge energy rating 540 joules whereas amazon site says 320 joules asked apc says trust site	I would trust the manufacturer. I have this unit protecting my very expensive LG television. So far it's all good. Amazon has my full faith.
sort power adapter buy another one seperately amazon	yes you can find a power supply on Amazon. Just go to Amazon under electronics Dept. and do a search for Power supply for crosley CR49-TA Price is $13.99
cueing lever lifting setting needle record groove	Yup it sure does
plug run batteries	It has a plug. Nice little portable unit.
keyboard eject button	Yes! It has one on the upper right corner of keyboard , it's part of the 10-key number pad on the right side of this keyboard.
stylus diamond tipped stated well play	I don't have the record player anymore. It was a very good player; very clear sound. I used to play my old 78's on it. 
arm heavy enough skip playing record	It does not skip. Although the arm does not return to place automatically like the same model Crosley did before, nor is it made of metal as it used to be. The new one I have seams to be more poorly made. 
need ac adapter	This unit must be plugged in to function.
tone arm return finished playing record	No
wobble	No its actually pretty decent for the money. I'm not an audiophile. I use it occasionally. I'm happy with it.
kind ac adapter need buy lost mine	an AC-DC adapter AC voltage-120 and DC voltage 12
question sort outputs	I have this and don't see any outputs at all.
sort power adapter buy another one seperately amazon	yes you can find a power supply on Amazon. Just go to Amazon under electronics Dept. and do a search for Power supply for crosley CR49-TA Price is $13.99
cueing lever lifting setting needle record groove	Yup it sure does
plug run batteries	It has a plug. Nice little portable unit.
stylus diamond tipped stated well play	I don't have the record player anymore. It was a very good player; very clear sound. I used to play my old 78's on it. 
arm heavy enough skip playing record	It does not skip. Although the arm does not return to place automatically like the same model Crosley did before, nor is it made of metal as it used to be. The new one I have seams to be more poorly made. Light weight plastic.
kind ac adapter need buy lost mine	an AC-DC adapter AC voltage-120 and DC voltage 12
need ac adapter	This unit must be plugged in to function.
end record shutoff	yes-it does shut off! I use mine as a demo unit at my local swap meet-I play 15-20 lps a day-and the only issue I currently have is that the internal motor drive belt has stretched-causing a slower play! I can repair that easily-but the unit itself is durable
tone arm return finished playing record	No
sound good great real loud	I love the sound. It's loud enough for a decent sized room to get lost in the music but not for a big party or get together
product crosley monogram	i dont recall, i dont think so though. k
audioaux port	No! But the inbuilt sound system is pretty great. Try "Crosley Mini Turntable", also listed on Amazon, if you want one with auxiliary output.
one get new power supply	The power supply is a 12V.5 Amp power supply or 12 Volts 500Milli Amps. You can purchase a replacement one from various on-line sources, including Amazon.Com 
cr49 crosby phonograph play mono stereo lp's	Yes!
hz range speakers produce	We don't know.
speakers connect wires	Yes
fm radio	Yes Just buy it ! Good for movies
cannot get bass sound acoustimass	I Don't Know I'm Having The Same Problem
wobble	No its actually pretty decent for the money. I'm not an audiophile. I use it occasionally. I'm happy with it.
come hdmi plug	It does not, unfortunately!
play blue ray	The rule is if it's not a Blue player - it will not play Blue ray . On the other hand if it's a blue ray player it will play a regular DVD Disc and a Blue ray Disc .
ability hook door speakers switch patio	Yes it can.
bose 321 suddenly quit producing sound turns sound reset button fuse may need replaced	With the unit turned off , unplug the base unit power plug for one minute . It helped mine reset itself .
product cheap would consider buying 800 model	this unit's map is outdate. The update costs 100 bucks. Magellan sells you milk which has gone bad and ask you to pay 100 bucks for update, becasue they are buying milk from someone else. Give me a break.
get replacement needles	go to needledoc.com and provide your model no. prices are fair-shop around-buy multiples for a better price! shipping sometimes is per needle! I have three crosley units-all use the same needle! have fun--
thales navigation vs magellan	WHAT, THEN, IS A BETTER ALTERNATIVE. I CAN'T SEEM TO GET A CLEAR ANSWER ON WHAT GPS ONE SHOULD BUY FOR THE CAR. ARE THERE ACTUALLY UNITS IN THIS PRICE RANGE THAT ARE RELIABLE? IF SO, WHAT ARE THEY?
change home address magellan roadmate 700	I have the same issue and gave up on it....just made my new home address a favorite
suitable facial hair want replace shaving	I have not used it for facial hair, but do use it on bikini line. It works great in difficult nooks, cranies and corners. 
emjoi work course gray hair	Works on all hair. Gray pull harder. But if you have trouble seeing them this is the tool for you.
device remove hair areas body even larger parts	Hi, I actually tried it on my arms and it works. The problem is since it is small and meant for a smaller area, it takes a much longer time. I am actually thinking about purchasing a separate product for other body parts, such as arms and legs.
use roll legs	It works similar to an electric razor (only it pulls the hair out instead of cutting it). Just run it over the area, best using circular motions. 
kind battery use	It uses 2 AA I use the ultra Duracell. It is a really great razor especially for the price.
use arm hair arm arm	Hi, You could probably use it on your arm if you don't mind a pull. It would feel like when you first tweeze your eyebrows (somewhat painful) because this tool "tweezes" your hair, so to speak. After several uses you get used to it and is not as painful. Hope this helps.
fine hair grows legs underarms epilator best fine hair	Has a small head. Best use is for face, underarms and arms. Legs take forever because of the smaller head size.
size battery use battery come	It uses 2 AA batteries that you have to purchase.
dimensions pick n pluck	The main pick and pluck foam is 9in by 12in, 3.5in thick. While the egg crate lid foam is 9x12 by 1.25in thick. The bottom case layer is .25in thick with same measurements. 
confused product description states foam diecut one inch squares original foam diecut 12 squares	I ordered this a few months back and the foam is pre-cut/perforated into 1/2 inch squares, exactly as the original foam I received with my Pelican case.
suitable stubborn facial hair women	Yes, It does well. You do need to let the hair grow out enough for it to grab it, but for whatever reason, it stays gone longer than tweezing.
often would upper lip shave every day	Well it depends on your hair growth. Im Hispanic and my hairs are thick. I think I am hairy then most typical female I have a friend that has minimum to no body hair((arghhh I wish))) so every ones different I been doing it for two years now for me personally it grows back in two weeks,,, but, but, the hair are so thin and fine to this point that I have to use a tweezer every now and again so I can get those few left behind, and those extra extra thin fine ones. But I totally love it! 
windows 7 anyone used windows 7	For what it's worth I use this adapter with Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit and it works fine. Drivers built-in (generic Microsoft). It worked fine under Vista and XP too. I even use it with an older Apple bluetooth keyboard.
anyone tell thick pick pluck layer	3 inches
difference 12mm 25mm 25 offer ability shoot closer much closer	Yes you can shoot closer but how close is determined by the focal length (mm) of your lens.
anyone experience say 60d 70200 f4	I use it with a 7D and few different lenses but most commonly with the 28-135 kit lens. I have had no problems and it is perfectly compatible with every combination I have used with my camera. 
far transmit music	I've owned this device for a number of years and it works fine, as long as you install the Broadcom bluetooth driver from their website. I've used a bluetooth headset with Skype clear on the other side of a 900 square foot house. 
anyone tried super telephoto 400mm wondering depth field would maximum focusing distance	I do not have a full frame camera sensor. My Zoom goes to 35mm equivalent of 375 mm however. 
canon ef 40mm f28 stm lens would better canon ef 12 ii extension tube ef 25 ii extension tube macro work	The 25 will get you a larger( closer) image than the 12. It really depends on what you want the image to be. 
using win 7 cannot get anything connect ideas trying play music headphones	I used it for the bluetooth serial id have to check if it supports the audio service. Also I used it under win xp I can hook it up and try it
stack one 25mm	It is not recommended by Canon to do so.
item fail completely focus possible combination 2 cameras 3 lenses worked perfectly yesterday	Using an extension tube changes the optics of the lens. One result is the range at which your lens will focus is reduced. When I use the EF 12 II with my 24-105 mm my autofocus still works. 
equivalent effective range canon 1022mm landscape lens canon 6d used ef 12 extension tube landscape	I don't own a 10-22mm lens but the info will be in the Lens manual.
extension tube get 12 25 I mainly going using canon 1635 28	It really depends on the subject and type of photography your shooting. 
would let focus closer using canon 6d canon ef 35mm f14l prime lens would waste thanks	Yes and no. It will turn your lens into a macro lens.
solid color logos	Logos are on them,light white lettering
ef 12 vs ef 25	It all depends upon how close you want to ficus in on a subject. Zoomed in all the way on a 1:1 macro lens the depth of field is very small on my EF 12. I would noted want to zoon in more with the EF 25. 
colors cds	Purple, pink, yellow, green and blue. Ten of each.
wrong maxell cdr 700mb freeze computer copy anything	The CD didn't freeze your computer. It's possible you have a bad one, but not a whole pack of them. First thing I do when my computer freezes, which my home one doesn't really do because I use Apple, is turn it off and then reboot. 
cane u racored music dis	charles you can't record over music on this disc once you burn them they are not re-writable disc if they are blank you can record music on them/and you can also copy photo's from your comp on them.
able download recovery disk need	i don't know much tech on computers i still dummy/ gone thru 4 comps tryin to learn i think now is the time to burn your recovery disc while it is operating and workin i tried recovery 
linux compatibility necessary get linux support device working since seems done gentoo	Follow Gentoo's Bluetooth guide at: http://www.gentoo.org/doc/en/bluetooth-guide.xml
diffence 48 52x's	Sorry, I don't know.
store dvds case need get one marked dvd case	I have CDs and DVDS in these cases.
lay side	Yes, definitely! I used mine to store markers, using the clear cases as shelves. Hope this helps!
mount wall	No. It could sit on a shelf on the wall.
rack stay stable completely full	I have (4) four stacked on top of each other and they're 90% full. I have this sitting on a printer table on castors that I periodically have to scoot over to get inside one closet. 
3ds game cases fit cd holder	only if they are the same size as a dvd case
video game cases fit	Not in the one I have. Sorry!
getting one left order get	Good afternoon! Thank you for your interest in our products. I just checked out our inventory and we do have many of the acrylic clear stackable CD Holders left in stock. Have a great day! Barb
video game cases fit	I profess my ignorance on the size of video game cases. However, CD cases just fit so if they are any bigger they would not.
wall mounted	I don't see a way to mount them on a wall other than drilling a hole in the plastic (which might result in cracking the unit) then putting screws through into the wall. 
work brother 7020 andor hp deskjet 1000	I do not know. I had problems using this device and eventually bought a wireless printer.
one know printer campatibility sheet knows work brother 8840d mfc	This product is not recommended at all. It just does not work.
work mac hp m401n laser printers	Yes, it will work with Mac but we advise that you contact your printer manufacturer to see if the print server is compatible with the printer.
battery fit dx 7590 camera	Yes it does.
get drivers linksys drivers website	Check out this thread. http://community.linksys.com/t5/Print-Servers/WPS54GU2-and-Windows-7/td-p/337367 IIRC, I worked off of this thread, but it was a bit of a job with windows 7. 
fit kodak pixpro az501	I do not know. Chances are that it would, however, with Amazon's return policy, you can always return it.
purchased two kodak p850 batteries neither one take charge I camera ten years I used want buy another camera	I replaced the orinal battery after 8 years with a Kodak battery and not had any problems with the new one. Check the battery with a voltmeter, it should be 3+ volts
lay back put drawer	Measure the depth of the drawer and leave room for the cd ' s to protrude. 
difference changer player	A player will give you access to 1 cd at a time. A changer will give you access to all 6 cds. 
hooked zizio tv sound	I'm assuming you mean a "Vizio" TV. I own a 50" Vizo and it has red and white RCA plug in jacks in the rear which would appear to be compatible with the Onkyo which has red and white RCA output jacks. 
replace 18 year old cd player one cds constantly skipany ideas happening	I never had that problem. Try cleaning all your CDs. Make sure your CD player is level. 
get extra cd cartridges	This player doesn't use cartridges.
suffle option per song per cd	Yes it does have that capability, you can skip from song to song forwards and backwards. This is our second disc player we just wore out the first one which was a Onkyo player also after fifteen years. 
memory function programed tracksor lose program shut	No. You can program up to 40 songs. The player "remembers" them until you erase the memory. You can shut off the machine, remove the discs with the tracks in the memory file, play other discs, then play the discs with songs in an active memory file. 
bose radio plays one cd conect bose thank	I do not see anything like this in my CD/Onkyo unit Information. 
dimensions	17x17x5 inches
cd changer remote	yes it has a remote. It is small but efficient and easy to read and understand. The directions that came with it make it really a no brainer!
fit dell 530s work linux build	Just make sure you have a pci slot avaliable and that as long as you have the right drivers I would say it should work
2003 dell dimension xps wxp pro version 2002 wsp3 uses pci expansion slots anyone tell card work	I am not sure but I have a 2005 Compaq and it fit perfectly. I hope that that helps some.
one ethernet port motherboard want put ps3 online card job affect speed	It will not affect the speed, but perhaps what you really need is some kind of desktop network switch instead. Plug both your workstation and your PS3 into the switch.
1 ethernet port motherboard using internet pci slot motherboard needwill speed slow	If you only need one Ethernet port, and most of us do, as we are not running servers, this will work and will give you "gigabit" Ethernet capability. 
chipset card use	Realtek - RTL8110SC
newly built pc gigabyte mobo slow internet speed reason would something like help	Not particularly make sure your cables are cat5e at the least and that your internet speed is running okay
able utilize full speed cat7 ethernet cable	It utilizes 1 GB of the CAT7 cable's 10 GB capability
device work compaq desk top wt1907	I would Google it, I could not tell you for certain but more than likely it will
speakers system	You have to connect this to a receiver or amplifier. The speakers are connected to the receiver. You choose the receiver and speakers.
device work dell gx270 gx280	Yes, this device will work on those PCs.
looking one lowprofile 764 dell desktop pl confirm	This one comes with both low and standard so you can choose which one you want to use.
filter fit canon sx50	no, there is no way to attach it to the front of the lens.
product description says uv c yet picture uv	I checked my filter, I got a UV C.
title says 58mm picture says 72mm buy im buying 58mm	I got 58mm. But you should ask amazon first, it says it's 77mm on the picture...
model currently made japan reading conflicting reviews recent want make sure switch models thanks	I have no idea. I will double check on the lens cover itself. I no longer have the box.
fit canon 70200 f28 ii	The filter ring size (i.e. 77mm) must match the lens ring size. So this could be a rhetorical question, if you already have the lens in your possession. If not, 'mouse over' the on-line lens picture and look for the ring size. Good Luck - My Hoya filters have never failed.
dose outer rim turn independent use tulip shade	No! the filter has threads to attach it to the camera and threads tho screw another filteron top but nothing rotates
hmc uvc hmc uv0 clarify title says uv0 description says uvc	Sorry, HMC UVC
difference alpha filter	I believe the uv (c) is a slim filter.
replace old 512 stick ms7142 mb add another 512 stick	We cant tell for sure. You need to check your motherboard specs.
work amd sempron tm processor 3100 181ghz motherboard	I would think so. The RAM will automatically adjust the speed.
hello combine shipping buy 1 stick ram right	We do, it is $.50 per additional part.
would memory work g5 powerpc 72 thanks	I do not know. What I did for my PC was went to crucial.com and ran a scan to see what kind of memory my computer used and that was how I find this memory for my computer
particular memory work nonecc ecc looking nonecc	haven't a clue , don't know what ecc means.
lens autofocus	yes
lens work well new em1 micro 43 general know need mmf adaptor work	This superb lens is slow to focus on most four thirds cameras. On the E-M5 focus is accurate, but slow. On the E-M1 it focusses much faster and accuracy is high. 
high low density	I believe it is low density. it works in my computer which requires low density not high density
sez compatible w lumix gx1 still true lumix gx7	You need an MMF1,3 or 3 adapter. Then it IS compatible. It is a SUPER sharp lens.
good morning memory low high density	I put this memory at trash. Horrible.
lens work olympus epl2	I'm sorry, I don't know for sure, but I thought all Olympus SLR lenses fit all of the Olympus SLR cameras but don't quote me or go by that info. 
lens work e620 olympus	Yes. It is an excellent lens for the E620. It is very sharp. I even use it with an adaptor on my Panasonic GH2.
work dell d110	Best thing to do is look at the memory sticks in your machine now and if they say DDR PC3200 on the ID tag, then it should work.
tis lens work olympus e500 dslr camera	Perfectly ....
lens autofocus	Yes
lens work panasonic lumix gx7 body	Sure will
canon ef 25 ii extension tube increase focal distance telephoto lens able see	No, it just allows closer focussing.
lens work olympus e520	Yes.
adaptor em10	Yes. You'll need a 4/3 to micro 4/3 adapter. Olympus and others offer them.
work 5d	Yes...no doubt.
one review states cannot stack canon's extension tubes true shoot zeiss makroplanar 2100 need 50mm 11	I did stack the tubes. The problem is that the setup becomes a little wobbling, which is not good for micro photography.
work canon t5i	Yes, it will.
work rokinon lenses adapters canon work rokinon	Not sure...Sorry
extension tube work t4i	Yes, I am using it with the "EF 24-105mm f/4L IS USM" lens. Keep in mind that autofocus does not work as your lens will keep searching for the focus and it will not find it, so you must use manual focus with it. 
able use extension tube canon 70d canon ef 100mm macro lens	Yes, it will work
use canon 6d use 18135mm efs lens yes much magnification 18mm	Yes, you can use the EF-25 II with your camera and lens combination... However, you'll need to be in the 50-135mm focal length range for the extension tube to be usable. 
apple wifi honest	Yes
ibook screen goes black	No... mine stays on...and still works good.... did yours have a file in it...on the desk top
play facebook games	Hello, Sorry you cannot. Those games require Flash, and these older units cannot install the current flash. They will also not do any videos on the web like Youtube, Netflix, Hulu etc. 
hello laptop wireless wifi without extreme card please reply	Yes is wifi capable without any extreme card
even worth buying please honest	I cannot speak about Apple iBook Laptop 14.1" unless it is equal to my iBook G4 circa 2004. I bought mine, obviously used, because I wanted to learn the system and be sure before I jumped from Win8. 
also laptop windows 7 windows 8 operating system equipped linux mint	No, no and no, It comes with Mac OS 10.5.
one question laptop anyone else passwords vand folders	No when I received mine it was completely clear with no password like a brand new computer
hello laptop wireless wifi ready	Richard.with the price is very very good
difference extention tube closeup diopters diff one prefere	A diopter adds glass in front of your lens so it may affect image quality depending on how good it is. An extension tube has no glass but simply moves your lens away from the sensor changing the magnification and focal distance. I prefer an extension tube. 
year 1ghz	Returned item
imovie installed burn dvds	Hello, It will have iMovie from 2004 installed and no will not burn DVD's, just play them. Thanks, Chris Betamacs
anyone used extension tube 70300 zoom lens	Yes, I have and it works great but only in bright light situations. It essentially doubles all aspects of the attached lens. 
including usb cables laptop much brought right still wiating new apples laptop	Well it depends. The apple laptop is very difficult to manage. And even harder to fully understand. But for music and pictures it is a fantastic piece of equipment.
connect wifi router house need special card	It works with regular wifi.
store pictures ibook	Yes
connect tv hdmi cord	Delila, I'm sorry. I don't know the answer to your question. My experiences with computers is very limited. My suggestion is to contact your local Apple retailer. Good luck. David
u play minecarft fps	It's been broken for years. This is a very old computer.
works audio interface also	I'm not sure what you're asking. It's a laptop
facetime	No. No camera
I new mac's go connect wifi	If you don't own this, then please don't buy it. If you do own this laptop and you are in America, any starbucks coffee shop, mcdonalds, some burger kings, barnes & noble bookstores, some Hastings book stores, and other places you see a wifi sign. Honestly, though, this model of mac won't run the current operating system being sold today. 
son play minecraft roblox laptop	No. It's a real old computer that can barely play YouTube.
play regular pc games	Well, this laptop is years old. In it's day, I played games on it like Warcraft III... not World of Warcraft, before World of Warcraft existed. 
sufficient laptop high school student microsoft word internet etc	Now days kids want fast and good.. This is neither
upload dowload speed internet surfing ability good bad	It has been great for me
good laptop use collage game downloads	It's a good laptop for college, just know that it is older unless the seller has updated it so if they have not then you will be limited as far as downloads go. 
anything bad wrong	I wouldn't get it , I bought mine back in 2013 at that time it was alright. I don't know about now I sold mine a few months later. 
play online games	No
hi I old guy know thing computers computer email look stuff net ie amazon thanks	Yes it does all the above as long as you have an internet connection to it.
one word 97	Not that I found but really don't waste ur money
use imovie video editors	Do not buy this. it goes very slow, also very heavy, wish I wouldn't have bought this. 
product educational	This telescope can be used to observe the craters on the Moon, the rings of Saturn, and even the moons of Jupiter. If you are more interested in terrestrial viewing it also works well for spotting birds. 
tall	I want to say 5'.. I bought it last Xmas for grandson.. Tripod is lt wt aluminum..If you take care of it it's a nice learning tool.. I thought it was worth the $...
children age	Although its up to you, it may be best as a family activity or project for children between the ages of 7 and up who will enjoy watching celestial events. It's educational too. 
price includes tripod	Yes, tripod included with mine.
tripod included	The tripod is included with the telescope.
play mmorpg games	No, after my friend updated everything it still ran soooo slow, im going to change my reviee since it was a waste of my time. Unfortunately i wish i never got it and do not recommend. Sorry dude but it runs so bad
able order replacement parts mount holds telescope broken I tried fix working thanks	With the instructions there was an 800 number to contact them. I would first try that they could help. I have never had a problem with them
see telescope figure see moon make rings saturn see planets thank	I didn't have chance to go beyond the moon. Moon is perfect for this telescope. You can see all details.  lights. I advice you to go whenever no lights and try.
come tripod	yes
telescope come case	It comes with a storage bag, but not a hardback case.
play minecraft	It might be laggy.i tried but for reason it didn't work.
product comes tripod	Yes
warranty work year	There not bad just not very loud. They might be louder if there not hooked up to a amp mine are but there also paired up with 6.5 bass infernos loud speakers. 
mic uses kind jack plug two mics splitter &amp computers mic jack record oncec	No, Justin. This splitter is designed for headphones so two people can listen at the same time, and you can't record since it has a one way audio.
hey guys 2012 ford 150 2 tweeters looking upgrade seem great reviews fit stock cagecaps retain oem look	Chris I cannot attest to the fit but I can't attest to the sound it is beautiful! You will have to adjust your HPF like instruction states but other than that it is crisp and clear! Al
work surface rt	Not sure what surface rt is...I have used it for a portable DVD and also for my iPhone in the ear phone jack to split the sound to two different earphones with no problems
using headphones microphones two people able record something time audio transmit	No, Kirsten. This splitter is designed so two people can listen at the same time, but you can't record because it has a one-way audio.
would effect volume way use sides example would volume decrease etc	yes the volume will be decreased. This is a passive device with no amplification of the signal. You would need a devce that was powered to not decrease the volume when 2 devices are connected.
work xbox headphones	As long as xbox headphones fit any standard lead. I have used them as a splitter for my IPhone to share music with success, so should work with any device.
come original packaging	No, but i believe it is because of the easy (non-frustration) packaging policy of Amazon.
want make sure pair alpine tweeter speakers fit 2006 toyota tacoma prerunner	I don't know about fitting in a stock place, but if you get a profesional to wire it or someone that knows what they're doing, you can mount these virtually anywhere. I mounted them on the rear pillar of my regular cab 2000 gmc Sierra.
work olympus 52w noise canceling microphone	These are not meant to be used with microphones. These are headphone splitters. All they do is split a headphone impedance signal into two smaller signals.
come standard tamron 6 yr warranty	Thank you for your inquiry. This product is the manufacturer's warranty of one year.
mac	What is your question it is a standard headphone that will work with any standard headphone jack
work eos 700d rebel t5i	Yes
long owned lens original owner ever dropped	I've had this lens I'm guessing around 8 months. It's one that I had rented a couple of times before. It's an extremely sharp lens and I've learned to love it for the money. 
lens work properly canon t2i	Yes, that is what mine is currently mounted on. It is an EF mount, so it will fit all Rebel series and will also fit a full frame Canon (1D, 6D, 5D)
full frame lens canon 6d also works canon 7d mark ii	Hello&#12288;Dear Thank you for asking us. We confirmed it on Canon Japanese websaite. 6D and 7D have same lens mountis Canon EF. 
work cisco 881router thanks	I'm not familiar with the 881 product specifically, but it, and older Keyspan models, have worked fine for every other Cisco router or switch that I have worked with over the last 20 years.
lens work canon eos rebel t1i ds126231	You can use it with the EOS series
use ipad ipad mini	I am not sure if you can or not. I'm sure it would work if the plug would work in the headphone plug. 
windows 7 32bit	I'm using it with Windows 7 and 8 with no problems.
hello use connecting intraoral camera usb port vga lcd monitor thank	this adaptor converts from usb to RS232 serial. If that is what you are trying to do it will work well. 
one cannot get break sequence work cisco use putty select special command &gt break never works	We have two units and they work great. We are using them with TAPP 1.6 protocol.
dos drivers another usb serial device	I'm not really sure about DOS drivers because I am not computer savvy enough to be sure. 
anyone know work touch overlay serial tried best buy adapter failed	While I cannot specifically answer on your particular serial device, I want to let you know that I've tried other adapters and they have failed to create a port. This Keyspan has been successful in every device that I have connected to it. So far, I'm at 100% success rate, but that is not a guarantee for you.
mac	Have not tried it with a Mac. However, it may fail if one attempts to use simultaneously with one or more other USB devices in some laptops or desktop systems.
yamaha ns777 16951 price single pair want know yamaha ns777 16951 price single pair	for one and worth every penny
prolific	no. ftdi
buy pair still need subwoofer speaker dedicated connection connect subwoofer jack receiver	You definitely need a subwoofer with these speakers; the bass is not just deep enough to replace that from a sub. 
come warrantywhat like new mean specifically could elaborate	I'm not selling any such speakers. Do you see this for sale somewhere?
could use 4 ns777	maybe depends on your receiver .. each one of these bad boys has 4 wiring ports and the only spot on my receiver that could wire into these are my front left and front right ports but..... yea i think thats a possibility
390$ price pair speakers one	This speaker is one of Yamaha's older speakers, so I am assuming that these must be used speakers. As for whether or not $390 is a fair price for these speakers would depend a great deal on their condition. 
price $280 pair price $280 pair	Da...NO!..thats pre each..
existing holes cut ceiling measurement opening speaker fit	7 9/16 diameter
take 2 sets speaker wire drive speaker	Gary it requires either 2 runs of 2 conductor wire or 1 run of 4 conductor but yes it needs 4 wires but it's a great sounding speaker
correct wiring configuration daisychain 4 basement ceiling	I wouldn't. I would home run them all back to the amp/receiver. 
work get play music phone	This is not a wireless speaker. This is a regular speaker, just a very good one, and these are meant to be mounted flush with the ceiling. 
need know purchasing compatible sound system bought installed sure next want play music	Well you need to hook it up into some sort of amp or receiver.
anyone know get grills install also tips installing grills without bending	Paperclip to pull down little at a time on opposite sides. Gently push back in a little at a time on opposite sides - smae idea as star pattern when tightening up bolts on tires to keep pressure even all around.
device compatible powered usb hub	I do not know. Sorry.
point direction speaker whole speaker tweeter towards seating area use center channel	You can turn the tweeter a little but the speakers point down only
need win 7 64bit driver rec'd adapter cant use find usa19hs driver	I have a driver installed on this computer which is a windows 7 machine and it works fine. I will email it to you if you furnish me an email address to send it to. 
would problems installing pair 15 feet apart ceiling soundwise like receiver's zone 2	You should have no problems hooking them up in series. They are 8 ohms so they will be 4 ohms in series. Check you specks to make sure but I am sure that will be fine. 
use outside porch easement	Im not sure but i would make sure you have something that allows for weather changes and humidity etc,
need put seal box place open attic	I would say no. I have these in my living room, dining room & basement. I have the singles in my kitchen & bedroom. They are all open. 
hi anybody know supports resolution 2560 x 1080 60hz control monitor parameters trough os	it should... I use it for my Asus Nvidia 3D @ 120 hz 1080. Have ran it @ 144 Hz too. the switched Glasses are a handshaking device.
cable support sound	No, DVI cables don't support sounds. You're thinking of HDMI, which is a related but separate technology.
cable work w pioneer plasma tvs connects tv system box pdp5060 pin structure looks like match	Unfortunately not. Even though the pin-out structure looks the same, the wiring isn't.
would able get monitor 144hz thanks	Not sure on that .... I needed it with an adapter to run two monitors from the same cpu
real dual link dvi cable	Yes
video card 1 x duallink dvii 1 x singlelink dvid need dvid standard dvi cable comes monitor work	It would depend on what your monitor was equipped with. Can you get the specification from the monitors manufacturer?
female female connector pictured product title says male male correct monitorsvideo cards female ports	Stated a different way.. this cable connects from my Graphic Cards output to my Monitor input.
battery charge kodak easy share dock	Yes. I have charged it twice now. Holds charge well.
compatible kodak camera cx6230 kodak eay share printer dock charger	It has been awhile but know it was for the camera that had the easy share printer dock. I no longer have that camera.
picture shows 6 foot cable gold plated descriptions need 9 foot work station less quality	Hi Kid Icarus - The cables I have are not gold plated and I do not have any issues with the quality.
battery work kodak easy share dx6440	yes this replaces a Kodak CRV3 battery
telescope come altaz mount	No. The telescope comes with equatorial mount.
telescope good terrestrial viewing also images upright thanks	I don't do terrestrial viewing other than to align the guide scope, so I can't say what qualifies for good. The image does look nice though. 
country made	China
see planets	Yes, definitively. But not with the standard lenses. The Sirius Plossi 10mm are good enough for interesting lunar views. Planets are still too small to really enjoy. But I bought 2x, 3x and 5x Barlow lenses and that is really good. A 3x Barlow with 10mm Plossi means 180x power. Nice views of Jupiter (Red Storm quite visible, atmosphere details as well) and Saturn (clearly defined rings). 5x Barlow with 10mm Plossi means 300x power. Good enough views (hard to focus without a 2-speed focuser, much more chromatic aberration). Furthermore, if at 180x it is already difficult to keep plante on view field (due to earth rotation movement), 
attach computer	No
request telescope altaz mount enjoy eq 6 inch 90mm would like freedom point &amp shoot	you can request anything. and have it in your favorite color as well! (as long as its black).
would like know well works look thing bullet holes target 100 yds 500 yds live stock 12 1 mile scenery	As shipped the image will be upside down
take photos telescope	Yes you can but for astrography a motorized mount is almost a necessity. Manual tracking for long exposures is quite a daunting task.
get tripod adapter orion ultraview 10x50	What Jack said; you can get adapters and tripods from Orion themselves, or try a standard camera tripod that you may already have.
mount compatible addon drive automatic tracking	Yes it is. I have the Orion dual axis drive unit on mine...although I should mention that I bought mine several years ago, and they might have changed it. 
find replacement eyecups orion ultraview 10x50 one mine tore came	I'd go straight to Orion at telescope.com and call them
schott bak4 glass prisms bak4 none spec material confirmed japanese manufactured sealed nitrogen filled fog internally glenn	I do not know the answer to your question but I do know that they are excellent binoculars, clear, precise and light, an excellent value for what you get.
photo tripod receiver	No it does not but they are great binoculars. I highly recommend them.
work nikon d3200 dslr camera	Yes, It should fit all Nikon camera's. It fits my D5100 like a glove.
video card one dvii single one dvii dual link ports monitor dvid vga port cables work tried dvid c	Yes I'm pretty sure. Just google it to confirm. This is to connect one dvi-d male port to another. For example my external monitor to my laptop.
another stupid questionwhy picture show female connector	Brave question! It's anatomy 101: Male connectors have pins; female connectors have sockets.
work nikon coolpix p510 correct adapterhttpwwwamazoncomorion1	Unfortunately this T-ring is not compatible with the Nikon Coolpix p510 as that is a compact digital camera. The T-ring only fits Nikon DSLR's. 
work nikin coolpix l830 thanks	No, the Nikon L830 doesn't have a bayonette mount to allow changing lens like a DSLR.
work attach nikon d5200 astrotech 2 field flattener standard 42mm x 075mm pitch t2 photographic tthreads	I have the D3100 and it works fine, I am relatively sure this will work on all Nikon DSLR's
would also work meade telescopes lx200 8 sct specific thanks advance	On the T-Ring you select the right one for your particular DSLR, whether Nikon, Canon (be specific) etc... then it will accept a 2" nosepiece; which you buy seperately if you don't already have one. 
celestron nexstar 102 built dovetail foot scope mount properly orion telescope	Yeah, it'll work just fine. All of the Celestron, Orion, Astro-Tech, etc. scopes use the Vixen-style dovetail. 
recommend orion skyquest xt10 overkill httpamzncomb001dj4fee	It's a good scope, but get the one with the illuminated crosshairs for night viewing
recommend orion skyquest xt10 overkill httpamzncomb001dj4fee	This right angle finder scope is great, it is worth it.
work orion 130st reflector telescope	Yes, it will slide right into the dovetail mount in place of the 6x 30 finder the telescope comes with
case fit pieces nextar cosmos 90gt	you can get a Nextar SE into the case with a little effort.
would fit celestron powerseeker 127eq	I use this bag for my Celestron Omni XLT 150. The ota, tripod and weights fit quite well. I have another bag for the cg-4 mount. The powerseeker has a smaller tripod and mount and your ota will be smaller, so you may be able to fit all of it in. My main problem is the weight.
anyone confirm case work explore scientific ed127 hard case telescope 24 lbs looking lighter case	No
recently purchased orion xt8 ez finder ii sight work looking get replacement image finder good choice	It is actually pretty good a bit heavy but the quality of the image and resolution are great.
advantagesof buying illuminated version finder I wondering whether worth$40more dollars get illuminate	I don't know for certain, since I haven't used the illuminated version. 
fit orion xt8 dobson telescope	No
interested using one es ar152 ota gets 8 diameter 42 without diagonal would fit interior padding	not sure what the ES AR-152,OTA looks like or is but I have a orion astroview 120 st eq, it is a large telescope and it fit (had to take apart, also the tripod fit in this case. 
orion 09798 starblast would fit model	The Orion website recommends the 43x9x11 padded case, which is smaller than this one. 
would fit celestron 130eq mount accessories	It definitely will. I use this case to keep an Omni XLT 150 with the CG4 mount plus telgrad, red light, night chart and eyepieces.
saw one reviewer complained lack padding think means outer padding anyone else confirm deny	The outer wall of the bag is composed of an outer layer of heavy cordura like material, 1/4" heavy foam, and an inner surface of sturdy, slick nylon like stuff. 
anyone confirm work well starblast 45 equatorial thanks	Yes it does! I contacted someone from Orion when I purchased this case to confirm that.
attach orion 9826 starmax 127mm equatorial maksutovcassegrain telescope	All or most Orion Telescopes have the Vixen mounting shoe that this fits. You would have to go on the Orion web site to be sure. You can also call thier 800 number (on the sites home page) to be really sure.
work meade 90 telescope	If you are talking about the Meade 90 AZ, it should fit, but the bag might be too big. The orion 120 refractor is a shot fat scope, and the tripod and mount are actually larger, even when collapsed. If you go by Amazon's package dimensions, the entire kit would fit while boxed.
see saturn rings tripod table floor mount thanks	Yes. You can see Saturn rings. Floor mount
galileo g3lmme fit trip pod thanks	I am not sure what your telescope looks like, I couldnt find it. 
attach digital camera telescope take pictures	With an adapter of some kind you should be able to, but because of the added weight you will have to balance the telescope again with the camera attached. To use a DSLR you would need a T-Adapter and T-Ring I think. For a normal digital camera with a tripod mounting hole you can use something like a SteadyPix mount, but it is quite heavy and combined with the weight of the camera may be a bit too much for the focuser on the telescope.
tall unit tripod raised full height thanks	I don't know the exact measurement, but I'm 5' 5" and it's taller than me. If you'd like more exact measurements I can measure early next week.
orion 90 mm eq refractor vs orion skyquest classic dobsonian telescope would best	Well it really depends on what type of area you live in and what you are looking at. If you are in a light polluted city or are trying to see fainter objects then a dobsonian would help. 
work attach dslr camera eyepiece photos	it will, though i have not bought the adapter from orion. i think an eye piece camera looks like a better way to go.
well work celestron omni xlt 127 wcg4 eq mount	It will hold the CG-4 mount and tripod but will not carry the tube assembly safely. Recommend you buy a small padded bag for the OTA with lots of padding. Better safe than sorry!
work celestron nexstar 130 slt im kinda new sure supposed fit thanks	Yes. It works fine. The carrier serves as a padded carrier for the telescope and everything fits as expected.
connect laptop u send item aramex live palestinian territories	Thank you for your inquiry. This telescope will not work with a computer. It is a manually operated telescope. 
define 'deepsky objects' mean galaxies star clusters ect	Yes; galaxies, nebulae and star clusters. Anything that is not within our solar system technically. Please let us know if we can be of further assistance.
work orion	It should work with any 1.25in eyepeice.
125 inches milimeters	31.7501 mm. hope this helps 8^)
threads made plastic metal	Metal very nice quality .
work orion goscope	It should if you have a 1.25-Inch telescope eyepieces.
filter fit star seeker ii 20mm go refractor telescope	If your scope came with the 3 different eyepieces it will fit on the middle one. The 1.25 inch eyepiece.
fit celestron powerseeker 127eq	These filters DO fit, as the 127EQ (I have one myself) has 1.25" eyepeices. The kicker though, is that our eye pieces do NOT have any threads (the eyepieces that come with the set). 
fit orion xt8	It actually fits on the eyepiece, not the scope itself, but yes - I use it with my Orion XT8 on a regular basis.
lens universal orion telescopes	This lens actually fits on the telescope's eyepiece not the telescope itself. Most decent telescopes of any brand use either a 1.25" or a 2" focuser assembly. 
eyepieces125 threaded removable rubber cups used filter	I cant be certain but think it is unlikely. This filter has threads on the bottom that screw into the bottom of most eyepieces.
get powerful lense 10mm 25mm fit sky quest xt 45 telescope options	Yes they have stronger lens than those you posted above. You can also get a "shorty Barlow" lens that will double your seeing power
view lunar surface saturn telescope	Yes - this telescope will show endless features on the moon, the rings of Saturn and the Cassini Division in the rings, most of Saturn's larger moons, cloud features and bands on Jupiter including the Great Red Spot, and all 4 of Jupiter's main moons.
take photo eyepiece pathways	There is no motor mount, so long exposure photography won't work with this telescope. You can buy lens adapters to align your SLR to the eye piece.
arrived information set use would like owners manual something also extra telescope attachment sure used absolutely paperwork	I as well did not receive a lot of information but I went online and learned everything. 
critical terms adding experience also buy 2x barlow scope	It's really not critical to have a Barlow lens but it's nice. When I first got my telescope, I just used the lens take came with it. Later on, I purchased a Barlow lens and some filters.
would like purchase telescope gift know little would better type equally priced one w tripod	I had gotten this telescope as a birthday present for my boyfriend so I can't say I've used it too much myself.
kind maintenance telescope need	Probably the most frequent maintenance is cleaning eyepieces if they become smudged by fingers or eyelashes. The XT 4.5 may need to be collimated, I'm thinking maybe once a year or less frequently, but don't be scared of doing that. I'm a newcomer to reflector scopes, and collimation of the primary mirror was simple with the adjustment screws on the scope, once I understood the diagrams provided. 
would scope good one view sea life whales dolphins etc beach boat	Yes! Refractors are the only type of telescope that can be used for terrestrial viewing as well as space. 
case would hold telescope	Go to www.telescope.com, the Orion site, and browse or use their live chat feature. That's where I bought my case.
one know dimensions box telescope boxed needs fit airline carry dimensions	41 1/2 inches long and 13 1/2 inches high for the big one and a second one that is 22 1/2 inches long by 5 1/2 inches high
approximate length weight optical tube xt45 without stand	34 3/4 inches. 34 7/8 with dust cap on! Sorry, length.
way lock base fixed position switch eyepieces without losing position	No, there is not. As long as you're gentle the position will remain the same when switching eyepieces. The springs that hold the tube to the base do a good job of keeping it in place, but still movable. 
would suitable bag orion starmax 90mm one big	Thank you for your inquiry. Regrettably, we don't have a bag that is designed for that telescope. There is a way to protect the OTA (Optical Tube Assembly) by placing it in our Orion 15959 Pro Pluck Foam Waterproof Accessory Case (Blue). The base would have to have its own bag or protection.
case hold orion astro view 90mm equatorial refractor telescope	Yes
case slack enough allow rest encased tube wooden base mounts thanks	You don't put the wooden base in the bag. The bag is for the tube only.
bestsized case celestron skyprodigy 130	I'm sorry, but I can't answer that question. It is a good case and it works well with my dobs, but I do not know the size of the Celestron 130. My gut feeling is that the case might be a little large, but I am not sure.
need speaker wire connect receiver	Yes they need to be connected with standard speaker wire.
speakers outdoor use exposed elements plan using backyard open	They are for "outdoor" use but I don't think that these ones would last very long in the open with lots of rain and sun
impedance speakers	8 ohms Power 10-125 watts
come mounting brackets	They don't have separate brackets, but they do have slots that allow for mounting over a screw heads that stick out. 
price pair	Yes the price is per pair. Two speakers in shipping box.
use crossover frequency setting main speakers go 48 hz	Even though your mains go down to 48 hz, the general consensus of audiophiles is to set your cross over around 125 hz. 
110 v 230 v	Don't know. On biz travel thing at moment. I do, however, recommend it highly. Sorry to not be very helpful....
volume yall using back subwoofer got turn volume way max get loudish bass	i sold this sub. incredibly awesome sub. and i kinda had your problem. 
cabinet	what did you wanna know about the Cabinet?
anyone specific model [v1220 only] papertype cone material vs plastic woofer cone material received one1st one damaged could swear papermaterial cone woofer returned replacement	Well, the one that I have has a plastic cone, but it has a paper dome for the dust cover. I hope that helps.
fit celestron 21035 70mm travel scope thanks	I can't tell exactly for sure from the internet and I don't own this scope. But if your eyepieces for this scope are 1.25 inch diameter then this barlow lens will fit your scope. This scope does seem like a low power scope with theoretical maxmimum magnification of 165X, but understand your desire to view objects at double the magnification that your eyepieces provide. You could also opt for a 4mm eyepiece assuming that fits your scope that will also increase your magnifcation to 400mm/4mm = 100 power, which may be cheaper than the barlow lens and meet your objective. 
anyone tell use barlow model &gt httpwwwamazoncomcelestron21061	Yes. It will work just fine. Any 1.25" diameter Barlow will work in the indicated Refractor.
work good orion xt8 classic	Yes, as long as you are buying a new xt8 classic that comes with the 1.25" adapter for it's 2" focuser as part of it's accessories. Happy stargazing!
work orion 10014 skyquest xt45 classic dobsonian	Yes I believe it does. I think the barrel size of most (probably not all) telescope eye pieces is 1.25". 
lense fit httpwwwamazoncomorion10012sky	It will work just fine. You may want to invest in a quality eyepiece depending on what it comes with. I got the Celestron version and was mich happier when I put a plossl eyepiece in, but the Barlow fits any 1-1/4 inch
work celestron firstscope reflector telescope	It can indeed be used--just about any 1.25-inch eyepiece will physically fit, but I presume you're asking about the optics. 
fit celestron 127eq powerseeker cannot seem find anyone knows case would right size celestron know	I have no idea what the dimensions for a Celestron 127EQ Powerseeker are. I can tell you that this fit a Meade DS 10 reflector with 18 inch diameter and 47 inches long. The case covers both the eyepiece and finder scope. 
case fit pieces nextar cosmos 90gt	This is a padded carrying bag for an 8" Orion reflector telescope with a 1200 MM focal length,a tube around 50" long. It may fit a 10" reflector. 
thanks bag cover base fabric tube case slack lose enough allow bagged tube rest uncovered base mounts storage	Unfortunately, no. The fit is meant to hold the tube snugly, which it does well, but not for much more.
digiscope camera barlow attach telescope get attachment nikon digital camera	You can connect camera to this barlow. you need a 1.25" universal T adapter and the correct T ring for your SLR or DSLR. 
purchased orion starblast 45 telescope lens make jupiter stripes visible white dot enhance saturn's rings	Hard to answer that question without having my telescope setup. I have both this barlow and the longer one, and I can't remember which one I used. 
use orion 09798 starblast 45 equatorial reflector telescope	If your telescope uses 1.25" eyepieces , it will work fine. I use mine with a Meade 4.5" EQ reflector and it works seamlessly with the Meade eyepieces.
fit orion 09882 observer 70mm equatorial refactor telescope	Yes. It will. A standard length 1.25" Barlow would work just fine with this telescope as well.
tripod adjusted use sitting	You can adjust the tripod to use while sitting or standing.
see saturn jupiter full detail	Yes
see whole solar system planets see	WOW! When you ask to see the whole Solar System, you're talking something the Hubble Telescope can't see. As far as the telescope being a great product and perfect for the beginning astronomer, curious adventurer and future explorer, then you are buying the perfect telescope. 
include bag carry equipment	No bag is included.
live high hill looking something view animals distanceperhaps miles help choose best	No
full size tripod tabletop	The tripod is full-size.
sub black ash says gray	More gray, I thought about taking it in to get spray painted but since it was free can't really complain. Probably will sell it soon, looking at BIC F12, or Polk PSW 505 around Black Friday. 
someone tell get user manual one subwoofers someone upload one bought bic used one	same here got mine from CL. 
better music small room bic v1020 polk psw10	I tried this one and the 12 version and both were awful. For a few dollars more , the front firing 475 watt 12 in is way better. I ended up with that and the acoustech pl 200 is amazing for the money. Do yourself a favor and cough up the extra $175 and get pl 200. 
power inverter cause electronics make weird buzzing noises also hold 3000 watt continuous power rating	So far this inverter does not cause any interference or buzzing. This unit is easily able to power all of our power tools and area work lights. 
charge thing outlet long provide power I trying run 2200watt 110 volt 15 amp jackhammer	It runs off the battery from your vehicle no charging and it will run as long as your charging system can handle the load..... yes it will run your hammer
suppose inverter powerful enough husky 8 gallon oil air compressor would able run	I wouldn't use an inverter for something like that. Most charging systems on vehicles aren't large enough to keep up with something like that. 
hooked solar charger necessary turn power converter would solar charger taking place ac current 12 volt system still allow utilise 12 volt lighting 5th wheel	The solar charger only maneges the DC power from 20 volts down to 13.5 dc from your panels for better charging of the battery..(it all depends on the solar panels you bought).
unit hooked 24 volt battery bank	I don't think the inverter can be hooked up 24v but your system should be 2-12v batteries that you should be able to get 11 v to power the inverter. 
hi bought telecoverter however fix tg2 black circle tiny hole needed zoom get full view work correctly	That is a correct function. Conversion lens. You can zoom in on the playback to omit circle. 
thanks answers	It was not that way when I ordered. It may be a backlog from Olympus
water proof	Yes; I am very pleased whith his lens.
anyone experience d7000 nikon 18105mm f35 55300mm f45 would fix lens	I have the D7000, 18-105, and 55-300 and the Tamron 2x converter works very well for me on them. I also have a Nikon 80-200 and it works very well on it as well. 
d5100 tamron 2875mm f28 lens lens builtin af motor lens still autofocus 2x teleconverter	Well my d5100 has a 75-300 and AF works fine
see moon	Yes, you can see the Moon with the 09881 Observer 70 refractor! It comes with two eyepieces giving you 28x, 70x. You may want more magnification so we suggest getting the Orion 2x Shorty Barlow. 
size case needed	We bought it for our grandson and I believe it takes a 2 1/2' case.
wonder easy use telescope child 8 years	I think it would be fine for a typical 8 year old, as long as some presets are made with the lenses. Some of the controls are quite delicate, so training would be required.
teleconverter work nikon d3300 auto focus manual focus	Operation in auto seems erratic. I use mine in manual mode only
anyone guide 2x teleconverter work d7100 tamron f28 vc 70200mm lens	My tamron 2x converter works fine with all of my Nikon lenses including my Nikon 70-200mm lens and my tamron 200-400mm. 
anyone tried new 70200mm 28 vc	I have used this 2x teleconverter just briefly using my Tamron 70-300mm lens and was amazed with the distance it covered and the clarity of the shots. I was even able to shoot the top of a tree in front of a neighbors house thru a window while sitting in a living room chair. 
using fx format cause vignetting	No ... I use it with fx nikon Df and it is excellent
nikon d7100 work new tamron 150600mm lens body focus motor built	Sorry this was about a Tamron AF 2X Teleconverter, not Tamron lens. This teleconverter did not work on my Nikon D7000.
well teleconverter work canon 60d canon 70300mm lens	Since this teleconverter works with EF lenses only it will fit the 60D which is equivalent to 224-960 with the crop factor of 1.6. 70-300 x2 = 140-600 x1.6= 224-960. but at the same time the aperture will also suffer from f4 to f8 or smaller. 
rebel t3i use ef 70300mm 1456 usm lens onwill 2 x converter work setup	It will physically fit. AF probably won't function unless you're shooting in full mid-day sun because you'll be losing 2 stops once you use the converter. (4.5 effectively becomes 6.5). You'll find shooting hand held tricky. Tracking moving subjects (wildlife etc.) In AF servo will be difficult at best. Using a tri or mono pod might help with stationary subjects. 
work tamron 18270 f3 pzd lens canon t3i body	I don't know about your specific Camera and lens but Auto Focus is spotty with my Nikon and Tamron 18-270.
want use tamron 150600 anyone tried	I had two Tamron SP AF 2X, one for Canon and one for Nikon. They worked great with Tamron 150-600mm for their counterpart lenses for Canon 5D Mk III. 70D, T3, T5 or Nikon D5300 and D800. 
difference one one costs $189	Haven't used the $189 model. The SP model is claimed to have better image quality.
tamron 70200 f28 vc lose auto focus know lose stop 2 I curious I I would stil shooting f4 lower	2 full stops. So minimim apeture will be f5.6
auto focus perform teleconverter	It works really well. Between my friend and I, we have the Canon 6D and 7D and use it all the time with both. Works perfect with auto focus. This is ALWAYS on my camera!
canon eos 7d using tamron af 18200mm f3563 lens work well set	While it will probably physically attach the quality is certain to be awful. The superzooms simply do not have enough resolution to spare to attach a teleconverter and that f6.3 suddenly becomes f12.6 so your autofocus isn't going to work either. 
work tamron afao11c700 sp 150600mm lens canon 5d mark ii	It should work for Fine with manual focus. I wouldn't expect autofocus to work at the long end. 
works canon 7d lens tamron 70200mm f28 sp di vc usd lens a009 canon	I dont have the same body and lens you have, but I can report success with a 70D body using a Canon 70-200mm f/2.8 using this extender. 
work nikon d3200	No. Mine is for Canon ES. There might be a version for Nikon mount, but not the one I have.
work nikon d3100	Yes but the autofocus won't work because the d3100 doesnt have a build in motor .
using lense problem change apperture d800 f22 works	On the lens, set the aperture ring to f/22. Then, use the aperture control on the camera to control the aperture. That is how it's supposed to work on newer cameras. Setting it to f/22 on the lens enables the communication between lens and camera.
work nikon d5500 dslr camera	Yes, it will work with a D5500 camera. However you will not have the wide angle settings available that the lens offers. With the D5500 the lens will have a focal length range of approximately 26 - 52mm.
lens work nikon 810 looking wide angle lens full size sensor	Yes, this lens is designed for a full frame sensor. It is a little on the slow side, but still an excellent lens
lens fit d7000	Yes. But it will be cropped.
work nikon d80	Yes it will. It has a built-in AF motor.
lens full frame	Yes, this lens is designed to be used on a full-frame camera. Usually Tamron's "Di" designation is for crop sensor cameras, but it does not apply for this lens. Here is an article evaluating the lens. 
many elements lens	4 elements in 4 groups. see http://slrgear.com/reviews/showproduct.php/product/409
doesthis teleconverter work nikon d80 camera tamron 18270mm lens	as long as the nikon camera has a t mount and the teleconverter matches that mount it will work together. The problem lies in the lens I am NOT sure if it would work. I know it works on lets say 50mm lens.
tamaron 2x converter work nikon 5300 35mm	Yes
lens work canon 5d mark 11	Yes, that is the first camera body I used it on and with good results. This lens can be used on all Canon DSLRs, both DX and FX (crop sensor and full frame).
lens take 4or5 people close	It depends on how close you're talking about. 17mm isn't extremely wide like say a 10mm but it should unless you're standing really close to them. With any focal length running in that range you're still apt to get the occasional focal distortion such as rounded edges. 
compatibility canon 50d	Yes. Remember the crop factor as it is a full frame lens. Sharp as a tack, I really like it. It's on my 60D now.
would lens work canon rebel t3	Yes, I think so because it works with my Canon Rebel T2i.
compatibility canon 7d	This lens is compatible with all DSLRs--both crop and full frame. Yes, it will work on the 7d.
would also looking uv polarizing filter buy size look fit lens	you should buy 77mm
system used hd tv	Sure with an adapter.
use oversea 220v	I don't think so
way controlling speakers remote control	No, not unless you install a remote though the computer.
dimensions media holders	Outside roughly 2-3/4" x 2- 3/8". Inside even more roughly 2-3/8" x 1-3/4". Easily holds 2 SDHC cards in small plastic holders. Can hold 2 CF cards. I have them and do not use them because they keep sliding down the strap.
wide strap fit loop media holders	About 1 1/4" for batteries and 1 3/4" for media cards. If you use an Optec strap with an extention piece, depending on how a strap would connect to your camera body, it would easily fit as it is only 3/4" wide. 
hold battery canon 60d	I doubt it.
ok soo I confused moment old apple screen adc cable work dvid port pc	You need a DVI to ADC adaptor. Apple doesn't make them anymore so you will have to get it from another source. I was lucky and got it through amazon. Used is fine. 
old apple cinema display looks like adc connector end cord attached monitor 30 pins work	Hello, this one should work, but depends on which cpu you are using, because for the video connection to your device, that adaptor is to hook from adc to dvi, let me know, take care, sincerely john thomas echeverria
dvi adc adapter work yosemite	Perfectly, no problem at all. I use it with a Mac Mini 2012 (MacOS 10.10.3) and a 20" cinema screen 2004.
hello adapter capable work 230v power outlets	Yes !
got refurb mac mini want use 20 inch cinema display got adapter plug nothing happens get work	I have a 2000 vintage Cinema Display and I bought a used DVI to ADC converter for my Mac mini and it works great. It is physically (relatively) large like an older power brick but it works fine. 
works great mac laptops type driver need download make work current mac os 1094 desktop	You don't need any driver.......just hook up the monitor properly.
work subwoofer conflicting reviews go polk 400's used primarily movies general tv thanks advance	Absolutely. I am using mine with a subwoofer - the sub compliments these speakers well.
come 2 speakers price notice says single title speakers speaker	They are priced individually.I paid $246.00 for the pair and worth every penny!!!!!
speakers ports cannot see images	No they don't.... They are a passive radiator design.
loud could plug computer drum music	Funny you ask, I'm a drummer as well. You absolutely need an external amp. These are large tower speakers & I have mine paired with a Hsu STF2 subwoofer. The bass is excellent & they sound great for TV & movies (especially Blu-ray). Unfortunately I find these speakers a little power hungry for music. 
speakers come two 127 127	Single!!! $127 each!!
tamron af1735mm f2840 di ld sp take 4 5 people group close	It is primarily a wide angle lens but will take pictures of groups of people. Its strength would be in taking a larger groups of people in a confined space. 
anyone know sigma 18200mm f3563 dc macro os hsm canon ef wide angle lens work canon t3i reble camera	yes it works but not wide angle
hello canon rebel eos t1i	Absolutely, I use it on My Canon crop frame Rebel Xsi, My Canon ESO 60D and Full frame 6D. It's a great sharp lens. 
thinking getting front speakerswould also work good rear speakers 51 system already bic sub	I also have them for my fronts but they may be overkill for the rears.
2 saker 1	one
long warranty	I believe 7 years - check out their website at bicamerica.com for the specifics.
resistance level 8 ohms 6 ohms	8
anyone listening experience dv64 pl76 ft6t compare music movies	I own the DV-64 and they sound great with music and movies.
work pc laptops	If you convert the phone plugs to a single stereo plug, I don't see why it wouldn't work. You can pick up a converter at Radio Shack. You'd need a double female phone plug to a single male stereo plug that fits your laptop.
someone provide directions convert tv use	First of all, the following only describes what I did to make it work on my TV. It is NOT a direction, nor a recommendation. 1. Use a transformer (not included) of voltage needed (read user manual to find out power input needed, I think it is 12V) to supply power to transmitter (I just used black vinyl electrical tape to tape + to red and - to black). 2. Affix transmitter within line of sight at where headsets will be used. 3. Connect transmitter audio input to TV audio output. 4. Power on the transmitter and headsets. Voila!
headphones work dvd player ir transmitter 2006 gmc without using ir transmitter provided headphones	Yes they would work smoothly, i have used them without the transmitter
headphone battery set tried connect transmitter 12v source connector working transmitter blinking	Make sure led on headphones are on and transmitters 4 lights are on when switch on transmitter is on. check the volume. 
headphones volume control	Yes they do have a volume control.
buy 3 sets 6 headphones total use 1 connection words would 6 people able hear thing time	I can only give you an educated GUESS. SHORT ANSWER: Yes, I believe so. 
system work ipad road trip	You will need to buy a power adapter separately. This should work: http://www.radioshack.com/product/index.jsp?productId=3802148 Just make sure to connect the positive to the red wire and the negative to the black wire, otherwise you'll blow it out. HTH
come power supply would use home application	I'm sorry ... NO... I hardwired a ac to dc power supply to make my mine work in my home application, and YES it does work then and might say I've been using mine for a year now and works great. the dc power supply costs very cheap just splice it and wire it up. but to your first question the unit is an dc application and is a dc unit but can be for ac application with a power application.
power consumption	It doesn't use much power at all
used audio av signal could use 2 one video one audio	I think this is just a video amplifier and not for audio. The brand of this is Boss Audio but really this is used to amplify video signal. You can buy another audio amplifier for that purpose but not this one.
press ptt button talk set allow talking without pressing ptt	You must press the button, however, don't press it too many times or it will break.
anyone happen know earpiece works cobra microtalk model cxt395 hard time finding compatible earpiece thanks	it worked with my CXT275 I don't know past that
compatible ctx195	I use the Cobra CXR825 walkie-talkies, which has a single accessory jack. The GA-EB M2 headset uses an earbud that fits in your ear, and a small microphone that clips on your shirt. It fits all MicroTalk handheld radios that have a single accessory jack. If your radio has dual jacks (separate jacks for speaker and microphone), then you need model PMR-EBM.
water proof units ie kayaking ocean water	These ear buds are a waste of money. Very poor quality and too expensive for what you get. I had two sets and they both failed in less than a year.
press ptt button talk set allow talking without pressing ptt	You must press the button, however, don't press it too many times or it will break.
anyone happen know earpiece works cobra microtalk model cxt395 hard time finding compatible earpiece thanks	it worked with my CXT275 I don't know past that
compatible ctx195	I use the Cobra CXR825 walkie-talkies, which has a single accessory jack. The GA-EB M2 headset uses an earbud that fits in your ear, and a small microphone that clips on your shirt. 
water proof units ie kayaking ocean water	These ear buds are a waste of money. Very poor quality and too expensive for what you get. I had two sets and they both failed in less than a year.
home tv	It is actually designed for use in a car, which is why it uses 12v. I use it in the house with this 12v adapter (http://amzn.com/B000VRL632) and it works great. I also used one of these on the transmitter (http://amzn.com/B003MHUN7S), so no soldering was required.
work aa tv	If you have a TV with analog audio output (3.5mm or RCA output) you can use the appropriate cable to connect to the RCA input on the transmitter. 
compatible tv lc32sb23u	I have no idea. They were terrible. There was a lound buzz constantly and it the signal kept getting dropped. We returned them
turntable built pre amp usb last turntable audio technica totally modified even passable	Preamp - yes, USB - no, however it has a digital output that you can plug into a computer. I haven't tried this yet.most of my collection I already own on CD or mp3/flax, so I'm not sure how well this works.I have tried the digital output. 
come trackmaster v3 cartridge 680hp cartridge	As far as I Know, the ST.150 comes with a 680.V3 cartridge, but Stanton recently announced that will replace it with a Trackmaster.V3.
tone arm better strait listening dj also use shure 97xe supplied one eliptical	I believe so. The S tone arm doesn't wear your record's grooves like the straight arm does. It has no distortion like the straight one will give you in time. 
come manufacture warranty	They do, but honestly i never read it when i ordered the package. I would go to stantons website and see exactly what it entails or contact them by phone directly.
possible order turnable 230v 50hz voltage	This operates at 110-220/240 V and has a 3 prong power adapter slot at the back which can easily be used with any (desktop PC) power cable.
else need besides turnable new record players woefully ignorant bought turntable else would need receiver	You will need: -A receiver. It can be stereo or surround, and it doesn't need a Phono input. Normally Turntables don't have a preamp built in, so traditionally receiver's have had one input in the back with a preamp labled "Phono". 
atlp120 vs stanton t92 btw one cons turntable short rca cable short	Cable capacitance affects high-frequency response; while that is significant and important, it has no other consequence to phonographs. There are some good reasons why hum is such a problem in connection with turntables, but not most other audio equipment. 
lost cd turntable anyone know get computercompatible cd	on the back of the turn table is a 1-800 number for audio technica tech support they should be able to help you with that. if you cant find it I will see what I can do to help you with that.
hum way get rid hum	I can hear a little bit of hum from my 120, but it is not problematic. All magnetic-cartridge setups will have at least a slight hum unless completely isolated from AC power, and even then, they may pick some up from nearby AC fields. This model is made without a separate ground wire because the "cold" cartridge wires are connected together on the built-in preamp board. Connecting a ground wire (as with a turntable that has no preamp in it) will make a GROUND LOOP, which will INCREASE hum, not reduce it. 
changing needle wonder typical lifetime needle like one comes change would recommend	An elliptical stylus like the one that comes with this table lasts around 500 hours of play. You can easily find the exact replacement stylus that just slips onto your cartridge. Just Google "ATPN2" stylus. 
alternate cartridge good option	Don't pay any attention to reviews or to what you read in online forums in relation to sound quality, especially if such opinions are coming from self-professed "audiophiles" (such people are almost always full of crap).  
someone recommend good pair speakers pl120	I'd recommend Polk Audio Rti A1's. Might be a little more than 200.00 though and you'll need an amp. 200.00 budget for what you want is difficult. Unless you go with something used on e-prey. 
distortion 12 way album pl 120 anyone ideas suggestions	Read my post titled "AT-PL120 anti-skating miscalibration". Set the anti-skating to zero, then play a record that has exhibited this effect. 
usb connection equipment connects laptop usb	I bought a 3.5mm minijack extender (8') and an RCA to 3.5mm minijack adapter from Radio Shack and have it plugged into my Macbook while recording (and monitoring) with Audacity. This works well for my purposes. :)
cannot get sound computer please help missing something	Is that microphone jack stereo or mono? Does it provide "phantom power" to a microphone? &gt;If it does, you probably can't use that jack for any other device. 
good noise isolation hear world around	Sonically these are actually fairly good. For the price I paid I am satisfied. If the sound and isolation were important to me I would have ordered the M30 or the M50's. 
long cord replaceable damaged	The cord is approx 5ft long not extended. Towards the end of the cord (end that plugs into computer etc) is coiled and can be stretched further if desired. Unfortunately the cord is not replaceable if damaged.
plugged regular computer right want make sure	yes. It's standard plug is 1/8 inch plug that will fit into your standard computer audio jack. If you need to plug into a 1/4 inch (stereos...) jack, you can find those adapters easily online.
headphones used ipodipad	Yes! they use the standard headphone jacks but also come with 1/4 inch clip on one in case you need it.
n used playstation 3 play others via internet	I don't have a Playstation, but I'm assuming you are wondering about the jack size? It is a 1/8" jack. If the larger 1/4" is needed, adapters are cheap and quite common. Hope this helps!
headphone microphone	No, it does not
good gaming	No doubt, although they are better phones but this one does a lot for its price.
order 2 get free shipping	Hello, Yes we offer free shipping within the continental U.S. on all our products, but I cannot speak for other dealers.
stanton offer oem plastic dust cover unit	When I bought my set (long ago) it did not. It came w/ a cloth dust cover.
rca cables wired could use	All of the cables are removable and replaceable.
possible order turnable different voltage residing singapore voltage 220v appreciate reply thanks	The specifications on the Stanton website list the following alongside all of the 110-240V variations: AC 230V, 50Hz (For Europe,New Zealand,South Africa,Singapore,Israel), so yes, it will work and you don't need to order anything other than a power cable.
ajustable	Yes, they are adjustable, and I find they sit fairly comfortably, without too much pressure.
dose need amp	No, you don't. Just plug it in to your mixer or instrument's phone output jack, and you're good to go. Make sure it has an output intended for headphones. Will have to use an adapter for stereo output. Hope this helps....
sonically pair walls httpwwwamazoncomgpproductb000	I don't see why not.
ventport rear sides speaker	NO PORT
speaker compare acoustech pl89 speakers	I wouldn't be able to give you a comparison because I haven't had the opportunity to hear these new towers. They are beautiful and seem to be well received from people who own them. 
price pair	for each speaker. are they worth it? VERY MUCH SO! I have the dv64's and the acoustech pl-26 center speaker also. no regrets!
bic center channel speaker would work best two	I would think the BIC America DV-62CLRS 6-Inch 2-Way Center Channel Speaker. The LV is a horn tweeter and would give a brighter sound than the fronts.
8 driversspeakers rubber foam speaker surrounds	It feels like rubber. I would say yes rubber.
flash included model	No there is no flash with this camera.
sell country	USA,
hello many shoots camera	The camera has 11,678 shots taken.
sent picture camera	I will post it on Amazon shortley
using home theater system sound dts master audio 51 71 soundtrack	I am using them in a home theater and they sound quite awesome. I'm very amazed at the sound quality. 
mini dv video cassette fit	I would say no, it's too small.
work dvm 60	dvm60me is a Mini DV standard which is a bit smaller than VHS-C but have very different mechanisms, so no. You need to get a mini dv adapter for that model.
play tdk hi8 cassette	No. This will not work for a hi-8 / super 8 cassette. There is a difference in the width of the tape hence there is no VHS - Super/hi-8 adapter. Unfortunately you will need an old camcorder or other equipment in this case made for the cassette.
mini dv tape fit adaptor	I don't think so. I had VHS-C tapes.
get black screen w sound pic ff see video sound help	The problem is caused by your tape nt the adapter.
work beta tape	It is for VHS-C tapes so they will play in a standard VHS player.
work panasonic vcr	The Maxell Cassette VHS-C Adapter we ordered was faulty. We bought another one and it worked in our Panasonic VCR.
work p6120mp video8 tapes	Maggie, the adapter can only be used for vhs-c tapes not for 8mm cassettes, hope this helps, Sock
work tdk hg ultimate tc30 cassettes	As long as it is a VHS-C tape it should work. All those things do is stretch the tape out so that it will fit in a regular VHS player.
work kodak 8mmp6120	no
lx7	I don't understand the question - "1x7" , but this little bag has been great for my Canon S100. It also holds a spare battery, a mini tripod, an extra flash card or two and I always have a neck strap on the camera. All of this fits perfectly!
2 belt fit belt loop	Yes. I use a two inch belt when I wear jeans and it works very well. I think you will appreciate this product.
fit olympus tg 830 spare battery compartment	The Rezo 30 is too small for the TG 830. I use the Rezo 50 for my TG 830. The Rezo 30 and Rezo 50 have a front compartment that will fit 2 batteries and a memory chip, depending on the thickness of the case used for the chip. The TG 830 camera is about 5 mm longer and 2 mm thicker than a TG 820 camera, which will fit snugly in a Rezo 30.
rezo 50 seems big work sony hx50v	I understand that your HX50V measures 4.25 x 2.52 x 1.5&#8243; According to Lowepro, the inside of this case is 4.7 x 2.8 x 1.4" I'm sure your camera would fit based on comments from owners of Sony RX100 M3 which measures 4.02 x 2.28 x 1.61". Since the case is flexible & has extra room in length & width, it will surely "give" a little to allow the slightly greater depth of your camera and even greater depth of the RX100 M3. I hope this helps.
anybody tell olympus tg820 fit case thanks	I do not know. It works great for my Canon SX 100 and SX 130 cameras. I do not know if they are of similar size and shape. I keep two spare batteries and a spare SD card in the case as well. I have bought and in use three of the cases all for Canon cameras.
anyone using case canon g16 strap extra batery	The inside of the bag is about 3W by 1-3/4H by 5-1/8L (inches). The G16 is smaller than this and should fit easily. I don't know how bulky your strap is though. The bag also has a large separate pouch on the front that closes with a zipper. This will hold a camera battery and extra memory cards with extra space. There is a belt loop on the back that snaps closed and could hold a strap. There is good padding inside for minor drops or stuffing it extra full and the case will keep light rain out but don't drop it in a lake! Mine is over a year old and the zippers still work well. I've had no problems. I carry a Panasonic DMC-LX7 in my case and have no complaints.
lumix zs30 fit case	I doubt it, the pocket will not fit the length of the Galaxy Nexus Phone which is 5.33 Inches long. The phone sticks out about 1/4 of an inch so if your Lumix is only 5 inches it would be close.
rx100 m3 fit	My camera is 110.5mm W by 67.1mm H by 45.6mm D, (4.35" by 2.64" by 1.80") and it fits with some room to spare (roughly 5mm or 0.5"). Compare your camera dimensions to mine to see if yours will fit. I believe yours is slightly smaller so it should fit. My lens is a fixed lens with a lens cap. Two sides of the main bag open with a zipper. A small side bag also opens with a zipper and will hold small stuff like memory cards. There is also a belt loop but I don't use it. The bag is reasonably padded and will protect against small drops of a foot or two. I've used mine for over a year now.
come retail packaging	Yes, mine did but that was a few years ago...I'm not sure how they package it now. (I love Lowepro camera bags!)
sony rx100 mk iii fit	Yes, it fits my new RX100M3 just fine and it does have the velcro belt loop and snap.
fit rx100	Yes it's a perfect fit - about a centimeter at the top to spare and 5mm at either side. I've got my RX100 here and am contemplating buying another Rezo 30 to replace my 6 year old Rezo 30 (only issue is one corner of the zipper teeth have come unsewed from the case finally). Other than this recent failure, the case has been solid - really like the belt loop plus swiveling shoulder strap.
toshiba mk8025gas 80gb ata100 internal hard drive anyone tell drive compatible dell notebooks	probably yes, as most major manufacturers use standard 2.5 inch hard drives, they then add a proprietary adapter and connector that you will have to remove from the existing drive i do not own a dell notebook so i cannot verify this as 100% correct
anybody know compatible bose lifestyle 48	Not me - I'm using it in a laptop. Ken
need know drive compatible ibook g4	The ATA-6 interface of the Toshiba is backwards compatible with the ATA-5 of the I-Book (80GB) OEM drive. Presuming the size and connector orientation are compatible, the Toshiba drive should work.
work 1992 gmc pickup	My husband has a 92 Chevy and it fit fine so it should in GMC They are about the same but I can't say for sure.
fit 1964 chevelle dash	it should fit any sixties 2 hole mount dash....the stereo fits my 66 Plymouth....... not exactly flush but still looks good. Depends onhow you want it to look.
use 12v dash connector new cars	Would require adapter. I got this to make noise in my 69 cutlass. It's not the greatest sounding radio.
1973 ford f250 would fit thanks	It should fit , it fit in my Chevy truck that radio had been ripped out by theft
fit 1986 pontiac firebird esprit	It Depends On How Many Tape Decks You Have Ever Installed. There Has Got To Be Away To Make It Work But You Won't Have But Two Speakers Left And Right All You Need For Good Stereo.
true belt loop longer includes snap addition velcro	The one I bought in March 2013 did.
fit 2000 toyota camery	Nope, Toyota uses Metric wiring.
distance knobs center center	Five And Three Quarter Inches
radiocd reads plays homemade cd	If you make your cd corrrctly
would fit ford escape 2003	No, it has metric wiring.
come pig tails	I ask my husband and he said "no" he had to wire it in. Hope this helps.
2004 nissan altima buy adapter know need mount reccommend	All stereos come with their own harness to plug into itself, you need to buy a harness to attach to the radio's one. Look up on amazon "2004 Nissan Altima Stereo Wire Harness" and you'll find a few. Metra is a brand I've used before and it was well put together. I would solder them together and cover with heat shrink, but you can use solder-less connectors if you wish.
use phones bluetooth dual xdm7617	No.
fit toyota 22r pickup truck	Shouldn't be a problem, it will fit any single den stereo spot. I suggest an instal kit just to make installation easy and give a finished look
fit 95 toyota camry	Yes it will.
cassette player	Yes, it is a cassette player.
subwoofer	Yes
usb port back	There isn't one... I have tho head unit and it's good for the price though. Had it about a year and only thing I didn't like about it was that sometimes if it's cold weather it takes awhile to load CDs and change the volume until the can heats up
stereo fit chevy caprice 1979	yeah with some mods or if you can find install kit which i doubt but its worth every penny lot of power for money
make blue tooth workon radio got auto cant figure radio	press the botton unde the phone simbol, until it says pairing, turn on the bluetooh on ur phone, and click on search for devises. the bluetooth pass is 1234 by default. enjoy
long back	I'm not sure someone else installed it but it's a pretty good stereo my husband and daughter both got one
play 32 gig flash drive 64 gig flash limit	I can confirm 16 gb works. I have not tried larger, as it becomes a moot point. This unit does not support search/browse by folder from flash drive. So if you plan on using more than a couple of folders (which I would presume you would for a drive that size) move on and get a better unit. I very much regret choosing this one.
need manual operate unit	http://www.dualav.com/support/manuals/xdma6415.pdf Try this link it should take you to the .pdf version of the manual. This stereo was a piece of junk for me and Amazon couldn't help me and the manufacturer wouldn't call me back. It kept draining my car battery. My husband does this kind of stuff for a living so I know it wasn't the installer. Good luck!
remote bluetooth microphone ipod cable included purchase	Mine was
play music pandora using bluetooth	I think so, right up until the unit fails and drains your battery. Having had two of these fail in the same exact way I can't imagine why anyone would waste any money on this POS
receiving bluetooth phone call unit display contact name unit phone number voice command	It displays the phone number.
front rear fade	Yes.
use phones bluetooth dual xdm7617	No. It is not bluetooth capable.
would consider shipping new zealand	Yes we can. Thank you
whats cost 27 pics developed	you can go to any local one hour photo place.
use water snorkeling	no! it is not waterproof if you want to get a camera to take photos while snorkeling or underwater you have to get the waterproof fuji camera
many pictures take camera	27
process pictures also could processed blackandwhite pictures thanks	Take it into a place like Walgreens and they will develop it for you. You can ask them if it would be possible to process them in B&W but if not, once you have the actual prints then those can easily be made into B&W.
expire date	Apparently there is none .I have had FujiQuicksnap developed as much a s a year later & the photos have been perfect .
anyone installed boat	I wouldn't install this in anything other than a trash can. Bought two of these, within 6 months both failed and were draining the battery in the car. Absolute junk.
radio work satellite radio	This deck has no native Satellite radio support. You could use the AUX jack to port your Sat audio through this deck, but you would still need to control station selection from the Satellite control box.
many pictures camera	27 exposures
play six cd's time kenwood	Only if you have a 6-cd changer. This head unit only plays one CD at a time. There are connections in the back for connecting a cd changer but they are only RCA so you won't have control of the changer from the head unit.
turn flash	....don't know. Bought these for my granddtr (who took them on a field tri) but have been able to do so with other disposable cameras in the past.
confused recommended best disposable underwater camera moment say waterproofis	I purchased these cameras for a birthday party. I was not concerned if they were waterproof. Perhaps the manufacturer can give you the information you are looking for.
flash manual	Yes. There's a button you click.
get film developed	It's been several years since I used these, but I used to take them to our local Walmart. I don't know if they're still accepting them.
step step directions using camera	Lift the switch that turns on the flash. Look through the viewfinder to get the picture you want. Push the button to shoot. Wind the film. I haven't used these in several years, but they are very easy and intuitive.
download laptop	No. The cameras are disposals, they are one time use.
plug phone directly wall	Into a phone. I use it @ work with IP phone. It gets the job done is all I'll say.
product beepring sounds coming headset receiving incoming calls wireless headsets	No beeping or ringing sound comes through the headset, only through the phone itself.
lift handset hook every time want use headset plantronics said would hope	You do have to lift the handset off the hook in order to use the headset.
best corded phone headset s12	Any corded phone will work. I used a bottom-of-the-line 5.00 phone from WalMart. It worked very well.
compatable multiline phone nec model dlvxdzybk	Can't see why it wouldn't be, it connects where the phone headset attaches so should not interfere with the multi line features.
quick connect easy clip unplug cord walk away	No, it does not.
use handset headset connecting headset disable handset	No, connecting the headset does not disable the handset. There is a button on the headset base to turn the headset on and off--like a toggle switch between the headset and handset. Very easy to switch back and forth. However, when you want to use the headset, the handset does have to be out of the cradle. (Put the headset on, then pick up the handset for the line to connect. I have a wall phone at work, so I just hang the handset on top of the phone base until I want to end the call.)
connect headset landline corded phone	Yes it works just fine with a hard wired landline, I have it connected to my office phone.
detachable headset anyone know headset detachable cord take headband time	Search for one which features a "quick disconnect" cord - you can leave the headset on and leave the other end plugged into the phone. Or replace the cord with this: http://www.amazon.com/Plantronics-Polaris-Headset-Disconnect-2719001/dp/B00006B7RS/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1380047211&sr=1-1&keywords=plantronics+quick+disconnect+headset
standing desk long cord earpiece corded phone	The cord from the phone to the base that your headset is attached to depends on how long of a phone cord you have. I have purchased two 6 ft phone cord and used them to give more areas that I can go to from the phone to the headset base. The only issues it that if you have multiple lines coming in you need to be close to the main phone system to access the phone lines as they ring in. The cord from the headset to the base is only 8 ft. Hopefully this will help. Jennifer
plug phone directly wall	Into a phone. I use it @ work with IP phone. It gets the job done is all I'll say.
product beepring sounds coming headset receiving incoming calls wireless headsets	No beeping or ringing sound comes through the headset, only through the phone itself.
best corded phone headset s12	Any corded phone will work. I used a bottom-of-the-line 5.00 phone from WalMart. It worked very well.
lift handset hook every time want use headset plantronics said would hope	You do have to lift the handset off the hook in order to use the headset.
since would use camera accidentsand kept glove box cardoes auto dateand time stamp pictures	no, it does not auto date and stamp pictures.....every time I use my camera I keep a running record of when I took a picture so when they are printed out I can type a label for them....hope this helps
quick connect easy clip unplug cord walk away	No, it does not.
use handset headset connecting headset disable handset	No, connecting the headset does not disable the handset. There is a button on the headset base to turn the headset on and off--like a toggle switch between the headset and handset. Very easy to switch back and forth. However, when you want to use the headset, the handset does have to be out of the cradle. (Put the headset on, then pick up the handset for the line to connect. I have a wall phone at work, so I just hang the handset on top of the phone base until I want to end the call.)
compatable multiline phone nec model dlvxdzybk	Can't see why it wouldn't be, it connects where the phone headset attaches so should not interfere with the multi line features.
standing desk long cord earpiece corded phone	The cord from the phone to the base that your headset is attached to depends on how long of a phone cord you have. I have purchased two 6 ft phone cord and used them to give more areas that I can go to from the phone to the headset base. The only issues it that if you have multiple lines coming in you need to be close to the main phone system to access the phone lines as they ring in. The cord from the headset to the base is only 8 ft. Hopefully this will help. Jennifer
detachable headset anyone know headset detachable cord take headband time	Search for one which features a "quick disconnect" cord - you can leave the headset on and leave the other end plugged into the phone. Or replace the cord with this: http://www.amazon.com/Plantronics-Polaris-Headset-Disconnect-2719001/dp/B00006B7RS/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1380047211&sr=1-1&keywords=plantronics+quick+disconnect+headset
cable strictly indoor use indooroutdoor use	This is strictly an indoor rated wire.
enel5 batteries p500 p5000are	EN-EL5 is a Nikon part number, so if your camera takes that part number, it's the right part.
solid copper copper coated steel conductor	May research says it is copper clad steel main conductor. Hard to find solid copper core at this price point.
battery work nikon coolpix s6	Sorry don't know but check your camera book or go to the Nikon USA site and search for your camera's accessories.
connect headset landline corded phone	Yes it works just fine with a hard wired landline, I have it connected to my office phone.
work coolpix p80 camera	Yes, the EN-EL5 will work. Buy a brand name battery if you can. I bought the $8 battery and it stopped working after about 3 months. It wouldn't even take a charge. Buy a Nikon, EverRready or Duracell if you can. I got an EverReady and am satisfied with it. It doesn't hold a charge as good as the Nikon original but it will definately beat the cheap China made ones. Hope this helps.
color cable	The cable color is black..
brand new genuine nikon battery 37 v 1100m ah 41 wh different brand replacement battery thanks	brand new:)
charge battery nikon eh69p charger battery coolpix p510 need different charger	mine charges while in the camera
would like buy several batteries real nikon batteries knockoff please let know	The battery I bought was shown with Nikon packaging and logos. It appears to be Nikon made and no problems.
battery work nikon coolpix p520	Yes. This battery is comparable with the Nikon Coolpix P520.
adapter charger work coolpixs6300	The Coolpix P5000 fits the EN-EL5 battery and the S6300 takes the EN-EL12 battery. You might check this chart out to find out a more definite answer. http://nikonasia-en.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/615
advertised battery real counterfeit image looks real lacks 41wh marking hologram seal	you are right it does not have the 4.1wh marking on it and no seal , and is marked nikon corp. , but i have used this battery a lot with no problem at all, i can not tell the differance between this battery, and the orginal that came with the camera ! they both perform perfect !
connect camera	the end of the adapter that connects to camera fits into space where battery goes, (it is physically shaped like battery.the cable threads through slot in the battery/memory card enabling operation of camera with the cover closed.
ac adapter nikon p100 nikon eh62a ac adapter coolpix 3700 4200 5200 5900 &amp 7900 digital camerasnikon eh62d ac adapter p100	Did you ever find out about this AC adapter? Does it come with that little Phoney battery insert or did they dispose of that to make you plug it into the USB connector on the side? It looks to me thats what they did to save money, but I'd rarther have it go into the batt compartment.
work p90 charger got lost mail website says eh62a charger p90 listed compatible camera anyone know work	My owners manual says that the EH-62A is the AC adapter for the P90. The only problem that I have is I can't find where to plug it in on the camera.
lens work d5300	The D5300 is equipped w/ a DX sensor (as opposed to the full-frame, or FX, sensor offered in DSLRs like the D4, D700, and so on. This lens is a DX lens, so it will absolutely work w/ the D5300.
fish eye effect choose purchase dedicated fisheye lens	The fish eye feature built in is not the same as having a dedicated lens. The lens captures information while the camera merely distorts information(the capture) to look like a fish eye.
bought used two swelled could barely get camera terrible gives	What kind of camera are you using them in?
works nikon p500	Yes
105 lens silent wave motor	http://www.ephotozine.com/article/nikon-10-5mm-f-2-8g-ed-dx-fisheye-interchangeable-lens-review-18382 Hope this helps. 
work d40x fisheye lens work nikon d40x	Yes and no. It will meter, but will not autofocus since it's not AF-S lens. On the other hand, it's a wide-angle lens, so just set it to infinity and anything more than a foot away will be in focus. No biggie.
assuming lens work d3300 auto focus correct	It works on my Nikon D90 & D7000 cameras..
happens throw fx body	You can see your feet!! Its freaking awesome!!! It does automatically crop though, so you won't actually see your feet in the photo. 
lens work d7100 autofocus	Yes, it works on my d7100 and even better on my d610.
lens work nikon d3200	yes it does!
lens work well nikon d700	This lens is meant for DX cropped sensor cameras, not full frame cameras like the D700. But it will still work, you just won't be using the entire sensor. Nikon 24-70 is better for the D700.
purchased lens wondering zoom stiff lens zoom easily smoothly	Mine is firm, but I would not call it stiff. My only complaint is that the zoom ring is where the focusing ring is on all my other lenses.
works nikon d40 x	yes http://www.photographybay.com/2009/10/08/compatible-lenses-for-nikon-d40-d40x-d60-d3000-d5000/
autofocus work nikon d3300	Yes
anyone used lens d750 also compare fx 16mm fisheye lens	It is a DX lens...works great on my D7000 & D90....sharp and beautiful color.
made japan else	made in japan&#65292;if u want it, i have one, like new condition, purchased from amazon and just one month later i bought d810 and 24 70from amazon . &#24494;&#20449;&#35828;&#65311;.
help work d70 looking buy brother fisheye lens d70 fit camera	I believe the 10.5mm was made for the digitals, like the D70, and the 16mm was made for the film.
lens include front rear caps	It does.
work d7000	Yes. I use it on both my D7000 and D7100. Next to my Nikon 70-200 2.8 it's the best lens I own. Produces beautiful results.
work d90	Yes it will work fine with a D90 and any other DX format Nikon. There's a section "Will this work with my camera?" on the page where you can put in your model and it will confirm.
transfer recorded conversations parents casette computer burn cdsthanks	The easiest way would be to play the conversations from the tape while recording in a digital recorder with upload capability. After uploading you can burn to CD's.
good way play old tapes another speaker system includes plugging headphone jack	It could be - I'm not sure about the sound quality in terms of what you may be looking for. 
want listen recorded book tapes walk work hold movement active walking	This will work with standard recorded tapes. It might be a bit large for active walking.
size	7 1/4 X 4 3/4 X 1 1/4"
work nikon d5300	It's a nikon f-mount. Yes. Crop sensor lens, and assuming the d5300 has a crop sensor, this lens is built for use on cameras like the d5300
sb800 compatible nikon d7000	absolutely. That's the body I use
sb800 compatible nikon d7100	Yes.
sb800 compatible d300 nikon d300 looking best flashwill sb800 job	I have a D300 and have the SB800 and an SB600. They both work in the commander mode and anything else you care to name! Beautiful! 
sigma	????? Sigma? If that means do I know the performance difference is between the Sigma equivalent of the Nikon and the 17-55 Nikon is, I don't. Both are heavy. 
sb800 work nikon d600 would benefit getting newer sb910	Yes, it can work. It is a discontinued model in Nikon's line up. It suffered from having a slow mode switching button pressing method to change settings and no thermal cut-off switch. 
sb800 compatible d3300	Yes. Compatible with all Nikon dslrs
recycle time	The SB800 holds enough power for 3 auto TTL flashes. However final recycling can be 3 seconds once it has used up stored energy after 3 shots. Add the 5th battery with extended compartment or hook up to external power source and fires and recycles faster. Find specifications on Nikon site, or google the specifications of this flash. 
ad says old version newer version sb800	Yes
work efs mount	Yes it's fully compatible
d40 sb800 mount sb800 d40 trigger sb600 wirelessly sb800	Yes you can or you can get the SU-800 commander and control it via IR signals. The commander will cost nearly as much as the flash so it may not be the best choice for you.
lens compatible full frame canon eos 1dx	Yes
dx fx lens	Full frame.
work pentax k3 made japanis come waranty	I don't know if it works with Pentax. I'm using mine on a Nikon D800. Yes it is made on Japan. Mine was used so I don't know about warranty. It is a great lens though
sony a7 lens work full frame auto exposurefocus converter many thanks	This lens works on full frame but I am not sure how the electronics would work with a converter
lens compatible eos 100d rebel sl1	Im not sure. Sorry. I use it with a full frame camera.
len fit canon eos rebel 1000d	Of course!
nikon d40 nikon sb800 af compatible nikon d40	It is compatible with both the D40 and D40x. Below are from the D40 tech specs: Optional Accessories: ML-L3 Wireless Remote Control, Capture NX, Camera Control Pro, EH-5 AC Adapter, EP-5 AC Adapter Connector, EG-D100Video Cable, Semi Soft-Case CF-DC1, Speedlight SB-800/SB-600/SB-400/R1C1 From: http://www.nikonusa.com/template.php?cat=1&grp=2&productNr=25420
distortion problems sigma 1224 solved distortion problem 18mm	Go to the Sigma website to see sample pictures. It looks like the lens has slight pincushion distortion. You may be confusing distortion with exaggerated perspective. Of course, this lens does make near objects seem very large compared to distant objects. That should not be considered distortion. 
anybody knows whats difference lens new version	I would go to the website and see what info you can find there. They may have both lenses there. You can also try to go to a photo review site such as Ken Rockwell to see what they have to say.
iwill sb800 ttl flash nikon f5 film camera	check here http://www.kenrockwell.com/nikon/f5.htm
anyone attempted astrophotography one I I would love know capturing milky way	I think it wont work because a tipical set up for that would be 20 to 30 secs, iso 3200, f 2.8. It may work if your camera goes to iso 6400 without noise. 
casset fit 250x digital jvc camcorder	If you camcorder uses mini DVD cassettes, this will fit. It worked fine on my JVC camcorder.
error 03	Your question did not come through.
fit grd37ou	My model is a little different than yours but if it's a miniDV player I'm sure it would work. I earlier posted that the cleaner did not work but I put a new tape in and it works good. (Bad Tape)
used clean heads jvc gr ax10	I really do not know.
dry cleaning wet	it is a Dry Cleaner.
timing range want use minutes time work	It is a count down timer which is very loud, and it will do exactly what you need it to. Good Luck! Herb
many get 2995 color thanks	You get one. Not sure how many colors, but most places won't let you pick a color.
use alaram clock road truck driver need something real loud wake heavy sleeper	Yes. I never wake up on time and this thing makes me jump. 
set seconds countdown alarm say set 8 seconds count alarm 8 seconds	Hours and minutes only. There isn't a seconds timer.
alarm sound like	It is very LOUD when set to the loud setting. I wear hearing aids and cannot hear the alarm when it's set to the low setting, And that's with my hearing aids! It's a shrill, loud sound.
set one alarms time	No. It's a countdown timer alarm. Set the hours and minutes you want it to go off in.
150 watts 6	150watt for each system, not sure what the wattage is on each tweeter
use television hear high frequency sounds better	You should be able to if you have the power to push them I us them for my Dj set up and it brings out the Hi end but I have them on there own power amp.
2x10 seismic bass guitar amp400rms800peak wired 4 ohms 2 14 jacks back put tweeters cabinet dj	I think they would be a good addition plus you know they're are tweeter don't expect to be at a Metallica concert with em!
size amp u guys recommend gunna get pyle amp fyi	I have a crown xls 1000
fit 480 camcorder	don't know, sorry
type connector	1/4 inch
hello many pieces 25$ one	this was one piece when I got it......I forget how much I paid for it.....works great though...I put it in my boat......
display remaining minutes	My camera has a window that shows bars of how much life is left in the battery. My camera is an old digital Sony, 3.4 megapixels.
sony oem aftermarket battery	This is an aftermarket battery. Not the same thing. Looks similar, but as I am discovering after a couple of years the charge capacity held by the battery starts to decrease rapidly. 
voltage milliamps	7.4 volts, 1800 mAh, 13.3 Wh . (The stock one was - 7.2 volts, 750 mAh, 5 Wh.) The new one has a lot more spunk. Takes a little longer to charge but it runs a lot longer and you don't have to change it in the middle of an event.
many amp hours batteries looking minimum 18mah	My experience with this battery is that it has not held up as good as the one that came with the camera. 
infolithium	Yes it is a lithium ion battery. If you are looking for a spare, make sure it is exactly what you have. This did not match mine, mine has a indent in the top and fits in the battery slot only with the slit.
fit logitech c920 web camera	This fits the c920 webcamera
screwin mechanism attaches camera tripod universal size nikon coolpix s6300 fit	Yes, it's universal. It even fits my Nikon D7000, though it's way too heavy!
head tilt hold camera 90 degrees ie vertical position	Yes it does.
want set say 700 morning figure many hours due go	exactly! you have to take the current time and do the math to know how long it is until 7am. so setting it each day will require either going to bed at the exact same time or figuring out the math again.
works xm onyx radioright	Yes, with a base station.
work original antenna cord extension antenna need make cord longer reach outside	Yes, I use it as an extension with the original cord.
compatible xmp3i home kit	I tried it on the radio and it says its a bad wire so I threw it away because I didn't get and answer form you people thanks.
appears coax cable cable connect directly siriurs starmate radio transition much smaller wire	it doesn't connect to my radio don't know it says no antenna bad wire
work sirus radio antenna male plug	Yes
compatible onyx ez home kitantenna smb rt angle female end	Yes it does
compatible sony alpha nex5	Its compatible with all. But it is not a good product (see my review). I dont recommend. The only good stuff is the bag.
rotate 90 degrees take picture something laying flat table	It depends on the camera. My Canon is too heavy and the tripod tips over when bent to such a degree.
independent antenna 50ft extension home kit base station referring power dock work xm	This is an extension that goes between the base and the antenna. Giving you an extra 50FT between them. It has a booster built it so no signal loss. You use the antenna that came with the original unit.
anyone connected sirius antenna l shaped plug cannot amazon state fact car antenna sirius antennas came sxabb2 home docking box l plug	Yes mine is a L connector. It works but its not ideal. My connection is in the truck so I wasn't worried too much. If its outside then it might not seal properly.
get marc phase 1 communications get weather broadcast	what is a marc ? this is an analog scanner only with very specific band with for receiving.
bct8 would able listen motorola type communications httpswwwradioreferencecomappsd	if it is analog yes digital NO Sanford
work star mate 5 radio	No
scanner work police fire band	Yes it will. I have mine set up in that fashion. It has a good range because I live outside city limits and I receive transmissions very clearly from city agencies. I hope this helps!
best software scanner best bang buck	i do not know. i used the disc that came with and could not get it work on either of my computers. I tried the online software and could not get it to work either. I was able to see the scanners control panel but the controls would not respond. 
would good put truck	This is an excellent radio. I have it in my f150 and reception is really good with a rubber ducked antenna on the back of the radio. Programming takes a bit to get used to. I would definitely recommend it.
anyone know work imac 27 audio port	Yep! Exactly why I ordered one. I have a 27" iMac Late-2012. Works great!
ripped toslink socket lg rcvr &amp could reseat adapter plug directly rcvr toslink socket	Cannot be answered without additional information on the LG receiver specs.
far reach live 10 miles away road pull signals town	Scanners are some of the most sensitive radios in existance. That is not so good in high RF environments such as New York City but out in the country it is a big asset. Your recieving range will depend mostly on your antenna. Google "wide band scanner antenna" and see what you can come up with. I found a mobile (magnetic base for cars) antenna for $19.95 + shipping that looked pretty good. 
work canon slr zoom lens	I am using it with a Canon D3100 at the moment, with the kit lens (18-55), and it seems to be working perfectly. So I'm sure it will work with a slightly heavier lens.
I trouble attaching 678 adapter 680 b monopod base flush accomplish connection	It is a little tricky. It is most easily performed with the pole completely collapsed. 
want connect 21 speaker system35mm audio samsung 40eh5300 tv otical audio product work	I do not know.
work manfrotto mvm500a	It looks like the Manfrotto MVM500A Aluminum Fluid Monopod with 500 Head (Black) already had a set of 'feet' on the unit. Why would you want to use something different that what comes with the system? 
work manfrotto monopod fotopro ngc65 wondering works	From the product description: "This unique accessory allows you to add a base made of three foldable high strength steel legs to the Monopods 679, 680, 681."
fit inside manfrotto 680b whan used similar 682b	Yes! It fits perfectly. I have the 680B and use it all the time with the 678. This purchase was worth it because now I don't always have to carry around my tripod.
require level spot used incline	I wouldn't recommend it. I don't think there is a wide enough span for this to be stable on an incline. Even on a level surface I still make sure I put a heavy weight on it, just to be safe!
base fit manfrotto 679b monopod	I use this base with my 680 monopod and I really like the additional functionality it gives me. 
678 base attached new manfrotto compact monopod advanced black mmcompactadvbk	Yes
d80 67mm lens want use indoor lighting shoot oil paintings slight varnish lens reduce glare	The filter has worked well for me to reduce glare on windows, water, etc, so I assume it will work well on paintings. 
would fit mefoto monopod	From looking at the MEFOTO monopod, I'm not sure this will work with one. First of all does the bottom tip unscrew from the rest of the monopod or is it solid? If it is solid, then I know it won't work. 
77mm polarizer filter got rain drops ruined rain water dissolve coating filter	I've had that happen a few times, it hasn't done a thing to mine... they seem to remain unaffected with the Nikon brand..
681b work monopod	Yes. When folded it will fit into the bottom section. It is steel and it heavy, but that is the price of strength and improved lower center of gravity. When installing it may take a bit of effort to slide off the little rubber tip.
anyone using lens tokina 1116mm uwa	This is a great filter - but whether or not to use it depends on your camera. If you're using any Nikon digital, you're good. And it should work fine with other digital cameras - Canon, etc. 
stack filter hoya nd400	I'm not much a camera tech so I can't authoritatively answer your question, but I have my polarizing filter on top of a regular daylight filter on my Nikon D40.
putting lens eliminates need lens hood blocking unwanted light	no, direct sunlight may still enter the lens/
fit sigma 70300 mm f456 macro telephoto zoom lens	Only if the Sigma has a 52mm thread.
lens cap	My lens cap fits on it. Hope that helps.
older model 484 rc2 would fit	I'm not sure we are talking about the same thing. The Manfrotto 678 Monopod Universal Folding Base (Black) you are asking about attaches to the bottom of a monopod to make it stand on its own. The Model 484 RC2 is a head attachment that fits on the top of the monopod. The monopod I have this base unit on is the Manfrotto 680B Monopod 4-SCTN Replaces 680 (Black). 
filter fit nikon d90	The polaring filter fits on the lens not the camera. It is polarizing filter for a 52mm lens. If the lens fits your Nikon D90, it will work. 
77mm polarizer filter got rain drops ruined rain water dissolve coating filter	I've had that happen a few times, it hasn't done a thing to mine... they seem to remain unaffected with the Nikon brand..
d80 67mm lens want use indoor lighting shoot oil paintings slight varnish lens reduce glare	The filter has worked well for me to reduce glare on windows, water, etc, so I assume it will work well on paintings. 
stack filter hoya nd400	I'm not much a camera tech so I can't authoritatively answer your question, but I have my polarizing filter on top of a regular daylight filter on my Nikon D40.
fit sigma 70300mm lens	Sigma makes several models of their 70-300mm lens. Without the specific model, I am unable to determine which filter is needed. The couple of models that I reviewed on Amazon indicate the they use the 58mm filter NOT 52mm filter.
nikon d5300 55mm f18 lens would 58mm polarizer compatible thanks	I am not able to identify what lens you have. I can't find a 55mm f/1.8 lens. The polarizer I reviewed was a 52mm dia which is kind of the old standard for Nikon. The quick answer should be that if your lens has a 52mm thread diameter at the front of the lens it should work. The easy way to find out the thread diameter is to look at the lens cap. 
fit sigma 70300mm lens	Sigma makes several models of their 70-300mm lens. Without the specific model, I am unable to determine which filter is needed. The couple of models that I reviewed on Amazon indicate the they use the 58mm filter NOT 52mm filter.
lens cap	My lens cap fits on it. Hope that helps.
fit sigma 70300 mm f456 macro telephoto zoom lens	Only if the Sigma has a 52mm thread.
blast air strong enough could use clean film negatives prior printing	I don't know what kind of force that requires, but it is about 1.5-2 times harder than I can physically blow.
filter fit nikon d90	The polaring filter fits on the lens not the camera. It is polarizing filter for a 52mm lens. If the lens fits your Nikon D90, it will work. The filter attaches to the lens
potentially used compressed air replacement clean computer parts optical drives etc	Excellent question. It is not as strong as compressed air but it does a great job of blowing away most dust particles that accumulate in my computer.
upon receiving product disclaimer back saying recommended cleaning mirror purchased	They can't control the user's ability not to scratch the mirror. If you slip you might scratch the delicate surface. 
putting lens eliminates need lens hood blocking unwanted light	no, direct sunlight may still enter the lens/
sizeamount air contain would comparable 10 oz compressed air used clean cell phoneskeyboardsetc	With each squeeze you get a strong poof of air. 
use clean keyboard	for loose dust sure, but do not count on it for sticky stuff, you're better off with compressed air cans.
good enough blow hair clippings hair clipper blades	This tool does an excellent job of removing fine particles from slides and other types of photos. 
piece goes air inlet valve drawing back package looks like removable piece	It was delivered as one piece. I've never tried to remove the inlet valve and don't believe it is removable. 
recording format record ntsc pal please	Ntsc
work removing dust applying glass screen protector ipad	This is basically just an air blower. You squeeze the bulb and air whooshes out, so yes, it will blow off dust, but for cleaning the screen on an iPad, I'd probably want to use lens cleaner, or Windex, or something like that to actually clean the glass, not just blow the dust off. 
camera pd 170 pal also 2 camera	yes
still market sony dsr pd170	Hi Michael C., this Sony DSR-PD170 was release in the market last 2002 and is already been discontinued in the market. -Ely
product good cleaning lens camera	I use this product all the time, and so impressed that bought one for the office too. I am sure,you won't be disappointed.
effective cleaning slides prior scanning	That is a great idea to use it with the scanner! It's like a can of air without the moisture
im living dar es salaam tanzania get camera	i can ship it to you please send me sam strulovics at gee mail dot ......
would recommend tripod particular model	http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00139W0XM/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
accssesorie	No
camera included accesoris	yes, it came with basic accessories
sd card used	No, just for photos
speakers wood	No all, but it is a very good speaker and beatiful finished
ns 6490s 8 ohm thanks kp jandt	They have 8 ohm on the tag on the back of them
ns 6490 &iquestare active passive speakers	There are passive !!
price $129 95 yamaha ns6490 bookshelf speakers one pair	When I purchased them a year ago- they were right around that for the PAIR. Also- you will get more from these speakers when hooked up to a quality amplifier. 
come speaker wire	Speaker wire does not come with the speakers, you have to purchase them separately. You can buy them on Amazon.com, make sure you get the 100 ft wire. The thicker the wire, the better he sound. Thin cheap wire will not, give your Speakers quality sound.
see many comments home theater want speakers listen music music thru vintage receiver job	yes these sound great just don't over power them
stands speakers fit	None. There is no way to mount these and they are way too big and heavy
speakers good everything like watching videos music	They are but they are not the kind of speakers. Thst you can blast. You can play music with them, you can use them for listening to video's.
speakers keyhole slots screw holes mounting	No, they do not. They are actually too big to hang, I think.
time stamp timecode including seconds	OOH, digging at my memory, but I think it reads in six digits up to 99 99 99, but I could be wrong.
would good camera use overcast weather mostly moving	Yes, because its low light function is very good. It does not have the very newest "anti shake" function but I have always doubted those features as being genuinely effective. 
better beats	Most of these responses are right on target. Rather than "Beat" Igor up for his question, most of you gave diplomatic answers that helped educate Igor about audio sound. 
compare hd 598's	I've owned both and I'd say the HD650 does everything a little better. They have similar sound signatures, but the 650s are more lush with greater impact. More natural overall tone, too. 
studio recording &amp mixing would need get separate headphone amp &amp dac would baby face audio interface suffice	I find them to be very effecient.
support us android phone	Hello Stephen, The short answer is YES the Sennheiser HD-650s will work with most any phone or mp3 player. That being said don't expect to get everything that these very fine headphones can offer from that type of playback equipment. I have a Samsung Galaxy S4 and found that the phone itself simply wasn't able to drive the 300 ohm headphones to the volume levels I enjoy. 
hey guys soundblaster z give good experience listed impedance 600ohms	The Sound Blaster Z drives them pretty well. If you are gaming I suggest also getting the AntLion Modmic for these guys.
would macbook pro retina 2014 drive guys well gave listen bestbuy without amp sounded amazing	No While I'm sure they sounded better than other headphones you've heard, they weren't at even close to their full potential. These headphones require 300ohms to be properly powered, which you MBP won't do. 
made china germany	They are made in Ireland. They will even have it written on the inside of the headband.
sennheiser good job warranty see available warranty sold hd700's ask case accidental damage	There's a 2 year manufacturer warranty as long as you buy them from an authorized retailer. 
vintage yamaha receiver puts 60 watts per channel would speakers work	They should, unless you play music at very high levels.
iogear guc1284b usb parallel printer cable work hp pavilion p6750f desktop pc windows 7 hp laserjet 1200 printer	Item was purchased from a Radio Shack. If you contact them they should be able to help. Thanks. Mitch
found beats way heavy extended use lighter beats	According to Sennheiser's website, they're 260g, which is the same as Beats Studio headphones. These headphones were designed for listening at home, not for portability, so they're not especially light. 
hp3015 usb 1284 ports use usb port one computer use 1284tousb cable connect 2nd computer	http://h20564.www2.hp.com/hpsc/doc/public/display?docId=emr_na-c00064723&sp4ts.oid=378048 Answer, dixit HP, is NO, see above HP info. 
true usb parallel cable printer cable understanding printer cables pins turned	I use it with a printer and it works fine... If you want to use it for communications (bi-directional) I can't help you... Sorry
work old hp laserjet 4000	It should. I'm using it with a LaserJet 4L and it works fine.
cable connect hp laserjet 5mpto windows 8	yes
compatible windows 8 long cord	I used on Win7. Not sure about Win8. About 6 ft long, very soft cable. Works well.
durable pair vmoda crossfade m100's lasted year daily use plastic parts snapping &amp breaking	THESE ARE VERY DURABLE ! these are not made from plastic,but from kevlar,the same type of stuff used for bullet proof vests. 
lens compatible full frame canon eos 1dx	Yes
dx fx lens	Full frame.
work pentax k3 made japanis come waranty	I don't know if it works with Pentax. I'm using mine on a Nikon D800. Yes it is made on Japan. Mine was used so I don't know about warranty. It is a great lens though
sony a7 lens work full frame auto exposurefocus converter many thanks	This lens works on full frame but I am not sure how the electronics would work with a converter
len fit canon eos rebel 1000d	Of course!
lens compatible eos 100d rebel sl1	Im not sure. Sorry. I use it with a full frame camera.
long cable	It should be 6ft
work efs mount	Yes it's fully compatible
told billingham bags us ship billingham box correct	yes
50523370 hadley pro canvas fybernyte version	It's canvas. I was leaning toward Fybernyte when researching the purchase but couldn't be happier with the looks of this bag and am happy that I "settled" for canvas.
anyone attempted astrophotography one I I would love know capturing milky way	I think it wont work because a tipical set up for that would be 20 to 30 secs, iso 3200, f 2.8. It may work if your camera goes to iso 6400 without noise. 
distortion problems sigma 1224 solved distortion problem 18mm	Go to the Sigma website to see sample pictures. It looks like the lens has slight pincushion distortion. You may be confusing distortion with exaggerated perspective. 
anybody knows whats difference lens new version	I would go to the website and see what info you can find there. They may have both lenses there. 
work nikon d50 sb600 anyone know works nikon d50 sb600	Yes, it will work with that.
color bag close ups want color bag close appears much different color getting	Its a bit lighter then it appears in the pic.
keep reading small medium dslr work nikon d7100 dslr couple lenses	I'm a Canon 60D user and as far as I see it's height is almost as same as D7100. I can fit the camera with a 50mm + a flashlight and a zoom lens. 
internal external dimensions	Not exactly sure but I easily fit 5diii, 50 1.2, and 85 1.2. I still have room for one more lens. I keep the 50 1.2 on the camera and that goes in sideways into the main compartment I have created with the dividers. I put it in that way for easy access and keep the lens cap off. The 85 1.2 is in a compartment beside that which also has a small divider that comes with it so that you can stack lenses one on top of the other. B
anyone please explain make afassist come hot shoe times vs flash af assist yes switched trigger	Moving the switch to "On" seems to work in my case with the SB-800 and D600. Perhaps your unit is defective?
cable fully compatible nikon 4809 sb910 speedlight	Yes, I believe so. See http://www.nikonusa.com/en/Nikon-Products/Photography-Accessories/Flash-Cord/4766/SC-29-Off-Camera-AF-TTL-Cord.html
genuine nikon product thank	It would seem to be. I looked at my original Nikon box containing the cord and it has "SC-29 Ttl Coiled Remote Cord" printed on it on the bar code sticker at the end of the box. 
cable nikon d40 anybody know product works	http://www.amazon.com/Nikon-SC-29-synchro-terminal/dp/B00019JPRO/ref=/ref=cm_cd_t_pb_t
work allow functions sb700 d600 sb700	I would assume it should work fine. I use one on a D90 with an SB800.
make af beam come hot shoe exclusively always comes flash	Yes, for me it comes out of either the hot shoe or the flash. I haven't used it in a while, so I'm not sure how exactly it was switched and it might depend on the flash and the body for how to set that.
10x40 mean	10 is the power magnification of the subject compared to your normal view with your eyes. 40 means the diameter of the objective ( BIG END) of the binoculars.
really 232 inches long	no. I measure them as just under 7.5"
nikon 10x50 ex extreme atb vs nikon 10x50 regular waterproofing worth price premium	Obviously it depends on the conditions in which you will use the binoculars. If you never use them outdoors in wet or cold conditions, then it isn't worth it. 
compatible leica sf24 flash	As jealous as I am about your Leica....I don't think so...probably not.as it is a Nikon Product enabling you to use the Nikon TTL with off camera flash.
manufacture date 7218 action 10x50 selling	I am not selling this product. There must be some mistake.
nikon 12x50 come neck strap carrying case	Yes it does come with a neck strap and a case
best sporting events espc football	Yeah these lens aren't for espionage but great for events. :)
much weigh	See nikon site on sports optics for all specs. Weight 26.8 oz
nico 065 binoculars coated	They say they have and anti-reflective coating. I'm not sure what they are coated with.
good birdwatching	Excellent, Sharp images, easy focusing, some night capability because of the larger lenses that let in light. Nikon NO.1 no question.
must purchase tripod adapter well tripod	You don't need a tripod for this binoculars, You can see perfectly holding them with your hands.
8x40 mean	The number 8 refers to the magnification. In this case the object being viewed would appear to be eight times larger than seen with the naked eye. The number 40 refers to the diameter of the larger lens.
waterproof survive immersion heavy rain 100% humidity	Haven't used them under any of these conditions. Sorry!
find lens caps ebaynikon help	Mine came with both. Or have you lost them and are looking for replacements?
warranty product	10 yr limited warranty first 5 yrs free parts and labor 2nd 5 years free parts , you pay labor. limited to defects in mat'l and workmanship
nikon 7218 action 10x 50mm nikon 7218 action vii	Real answer: Don't know . . . but According to Nikons website 7128 is the product number for binoculars in their Action range. http://www.nikonsportoptics.com/Nikon-Products/Binoculars/7218/Action-10x50.html No mention of any VII, though there are a number of options at different prices.
best sporting events espc football	Yeah these lens aren't for espionage but great for events. :)
8x40 mean	The number 8 refers to the magnification. In this case the object being viewed would appear to be eight times larger than seen with the naked eye. The number 40 refers to the diameter of the larger lens. The larger the number the bigger the lens. In this case it refers to 40 millimeters (about 1.5 inches). 
good birdwatching	Excellent, Sharp images, easy focusing, some night capability because of the larger lenses that let in light. Nikon NO.1 no question.
must purchase tripod adapter well tripod	You don't need a tripod for this binoculars, You can see perfectly holding them with your hands.
nico 065 binoculars coated	They say they have and anti-reflective coating. I'm not sure what they are coated with.
waterproof survive immersion heavy rain 100% humidity	Haven't used them under any of these conditions. Sorry!
find lens caps ebaynikon help	Mine came with both. Or have you lost them and are looking for replacements?
warranty product	10 yr limited warranty first 5 yrs free parts and labor 2nd 5 years free parts , you pay labor. limited to defects in mat'l and workmanship
77mm polarizer filter got rain drops ruined rain water dissolve coating filter	I've had that happen a few times, it hasn't done a thing to mine... they seem to remain unaffected with the Nikon brand..
much weigh	See nikon site on sports optics for all specs. Weight 26.8 oz
d80 67mm lens want use indoor lighting shoot oil paintings slight varnish lens reduce glare	The filter has worked well for me to reduce glare on windows, water, etc, so I assume it will work well on paintings. 
fit sigma 70300 mm f456 macro telephoto zoom lens	Only if the Sigma has a 52mm thread.
stack filter hoya nd400	I'm not much a camera tech so I can't authoritatively answer your question, but I have my polarizing filter on top of a regular daylight filter on my Nikon D40.
anyone using lens tokina 1116mm uwa	This is a great filter - but whether or not to use it depends on your camera. If you're using any Nikon digital, you're good. And it should work fine with other digital cameras - Canon, etc. 
putting lens eliminates need lens hood blocking unwanted light	no, direct sunlight may still enter the lens/
fit sigma 70300mm lens	Sigma makes several models of their 70-300mm lens. Without the specific model, I am unable to determine which filter is needed. 
lens cap	My lens cap fits on it. Hope that helps.
filter fit nikon d90	The polaring filter fits on the lens not the camera. It is polarizing filter for a 52mm lens. 
nikon d5300 55mm f18 lens would 58mm polarizer compatible thanks	I am not able to identify what lens you have. I can't find a 55mm f/1.8 lens. The polarizer I reviewed was a 52mm dia which is kind of the old standard for Nikon. The quick answer should be that if your lens has a 52mm thread diameter at the front of the lens it should work. 
expiration date cameras	I don't remember I already used them and took them in to be developed I think I looked at one and I think it said 2015. I not positive though.
rewind pictures taken manually	No rewinding necessary. Just take them for photo processing...
film developed	CVS provides best unedited results within a week and a half. Walmart, Walgreens, and many other places still develop film.
download picsnow computer fuji quicksnap	I got them put onto a CD then was able to put that into the computer, you can't download them straight from the camera to computer because there is not a USB slot on the camera.
work win 7 one computer win 98 se computer	I'm sure it will. I hooked mine up with Win 8.1 on one and Win 98 on the other.
support unified keyboard mouse like logitech	I have it in a very cheap keyboard now but I can't see why it would not work with the Logitech.
iogear used docking stationmultiple monitors	I don't think it can work with multiple monitors. It is made for 2 computers and 1 monitor. I can't see why it should not work with a docking station but I can not answer 100%.
difference gcs632uw6 gcs632u	Based on what I see on the web site, the GC632UW6 is packaged with manuals in multiple languages. Both appear to be operable from the keyboard.
support using monitor external monitor laptop switching main monitor desktop	Yes, this is exactly how I use it. I have it even set so that the monitor is the primary screen and the laptop is an extended second screen. 
work windows 8	Yes, as I use it to switch between win7 and win8 laptops. No software is loaded on either laptop.
laptop one usb port work usb hub still free usb port available	Not sure. Hope someone else can answer this.
work windows 81	Yes it will work. I am using it between Windows Vista and Windows 8.1.
total 10 cameras 20	It was a year ago, but IIRC it was 10
play old 8 mm tapes	Yes
wanted use docked ibm x61 see iffy experience similar laptops recommendations better suited product	I am using it with an HP and a MacMini. I have no problems or issues. I am sorry I don't have direct experience with any other bands but I don't expect you would have problems with your IBM laptop unless it handles the Scroll Lock key in an unusual way. 
way transfer video computers dropbox	Connection method on this unit is via i.Link cable (DV interface) to USB. You may be able to connect it on your computer using that kind of cable. 
lcd screen work	I'm sorry, but I couldn't get 2 different cameras of the same model to work at all. On this camera, refurb was not the way to go for me.
cassette disc	Cassette 8mm
hello camera playback 8mm video tapes thanks	Hello, yes it will.
type 1	It is a Type 2 CF for faster speed and more storage capacity.
work one computer windows 7 ops one xp ops	Yes
play 8mm tapesbut record wellis universal enough play 8mm hi8mmthe sony cctrv128 model	Sorry, but the cctrv128 I bought did not work. I returned it. No experience to share. Jim
use older nikon cooipix 990	i do have a Nikon 8800 and use a 2 GB card, which works. it has to work on 990 too
card work canon powershot a20	I think the A20 can take a maximum of 2 GB, so this should work.
work nikon d1x	I would think so, but I am not sure. I think the D1x does take a CF card with 2gb maximum capacity so I would be tempted to "buy it and try it". 
thick dimensions	1.4 x 1.68 x .14 inches (35.81 x 42.67 x 3.56 mm)
cards downloading	You might have a bad compact flash reader. You can use your camera "USB" or "FireWire" port on tge camera itself to connect to the computer.
purchased fujifilm finepix s5000 card fit camera rick	I believe that camera only takes xD cards. If your camera didn't come with an owners manual, you can get one on line. It should list compatible cards.
formating card delete kb	See if you can get RescuePRO from SanDisk. It's a data recovery software for memory cards. It also wipes the memory cards clean. I have used it several times to get some pictures back I though I had lost. 
d80 67mm lens want use indoor lighting shoot oil paintings slight varnish lens reduce glare	The filter has worked well for me to reduce glare on windows, water, etc, so I assume it will work well on paintings. 
card work cannon eos digital rebel came sandisk ultra ii 10gb	you need to check your camera specs. If it will handle 2 gig it should be fine. The only difference is the capacity of the flash drive.
77mm polarizer filter got rain drops ruined rain water dissolve coating filter	I've had that happen a few times, it hasn't done a thing to mine... they seem to remain unaffected with the Nikon brand..
putting lens eliminates need lens hood blocking unwanted light	no, direct sunlight may still enter the lens/
stack filter hoya nd400	I'm not much a camera tech so I can't authoritatively answer your question, but I have my polarizing filter on top of a regular daylight filter on my Nikon D40.
anyone using lens tokina 1116mm uwa	This is a great filter - but whether or not to use it depends on your camera. If you're using any Nikon digital, you're good. 
fit sigma 70300 mm f456 macro telephoto zoom lens	Only if the Sigma has a 52mm thread.
work canon rebel eos ds6041 digital camera	it worked in my canon EOS20D. so I expect it would work in any EOS model
fit sigma 70300mm lens	Sigma makes several models of their 70-300mm lens. Without the specific model, I am unable to determine which filter is needed. The couple of models that I reviewed on Amazon indicate the they use the 58mm filter NOT 52mm filter.
lens cap	My lens cap fits on it. Hope that helps.
filter fit nikon d90	The polaring filter fits on the lens not the camera. It is polarizing filter for a 52mm lens. If the lens fits your Nikon D90, it will work. 
bag cofortably fit canon vixia hf g20 hd camcorder thx	Yes it fits mine which is a g20 perfectly.
good canon vixia hfg30 camcorder	I am using it for a Vixia HG20 with plenty of room plus adjustable dividers. I am not familiar with the HF-G30.
looking good case canon hf g30 ideas	Is good case
bag work canon vixia hf r52 camera	It should as all the Vixia Line seems to be the same size. I don't have this model so it is a guess
would hf g30 fit well case	I am sorry but I do not know.
work canon xa25	No
need find use one wires	plug them into the speakers and the green sound out at the back of the computer. the volume control is on a speaker.
power unit anyone tell specs power unit sticks	Can you post the part number? I'm trying to get a replacement Thanks
good tv	It does come with an adapter then splits out into standard right/left rca audio (female) so that should probably suffice with most applications. I never personally tried them on a tv. 
sound sticks ii run ipod directly need go computer	Both--works with your iPod or your computer.
hiss anyone experiencing hiss speakers idle	I very recently purchased the analogue + bluetooth version of Soundsticks III and my satellite speakers have very discernible low level "gurgling" type hiss. Its volume is directly proportional to the high/low setting of the touch sensitive volume controls on the right hand speaker. The sound is always there so if I play some music at very low levels when working on computer late at night I can still hear the "hiss" through the quieter music passages. 
I I would like ask anyone using soundsticks ii moment look ac adapter tell tip polarity tip size thank	The Maplin 3 pin power DIN plug assembly (their code: N83KT 1.49) is a replacement adaptor plug. 
harman kardon soundsticks ii vs logitech z2300 vs jbl creature iii hi I trying decide budget computer speakers following 3 harman kardon soundsticks ii logitech z2300 jbl creature iii thoughts experience owner	no doubt the logitech z-2300. 
use lens pentax k5	Of course! I use mine on my K5 all the time.
dead months anyone speakers die month	These work great. Never given me a bit of trouble - have had over 2 years..... and they are used daily.
pentax 18135 value using 1645 18135 want use lens museums car shows	Not really. It has a miniscule more amount of wide angle and a slighter wider aperture, but not enough to make it worth purchasing when you have the 18-135mm.
use nd filter lense yes would size 67mm	Sure you can use ND filter, and size is 67mm
lens used weddings	Landacapes and portrait photography and weddings too
anyone know compatable editshare's lightworks I getting lightworks really like would love expand	I use it with Pro Tools, Sony Acid, Vegas Pro.....it will work with any program that allows " keyboard short cuts "
work windows 7 mean designed windows 7 griffen powermate	Not only does it work with Win 7....it retains settings for different applications on multiple computers......I love this product.....great time saver on big editing jobs....
long usb cord	Almost 6 feet
act mouse buttonsshuttle	It acts more like a keyboard. The driver simulates keystrokes based on button pushes or rotation of the dial. You can configure which keystrokes, and for the dial, at which rate the keystrokes are simulated. So it works with any application that can take keystrokes (including arrow keys, Page Up/Down) generally for scrolling. 
support linux device need jobshuttle device use linux video audio production work thanks	A: Yes! Follow this user's guide for configuring your Shuttle with Linux. viewtopic.php?f=9&t=3881
max capacity xd card used camera	I successfully used 64MB and 256MB xD cards with this camera. Not sure about the maximum capacity but the 256MB worked very well for me.
camera double webcam	I no longer own this camera, I'm sorry I don't know the answer.
download manual free	http://www.olympusamerica.com/cpg_section/cpg_support_manuals.asp?id=954 I tried the download section and it works fine. I think the purchase section is for hard copies. Hope this helps you.
work well transferring cassettes digital format computer	Yes
comes cahrger battery	it's according to the seller, if they have all the attachments. everything came with mine.
camera use 8mm video cassettes play back andor tv	Yes, it does use 8mm cassettes. I am not sure about the playback details, but I do know that there is a way to connect the camera to a computer as video input, so I would think you could do the same thing to a TV with the proper cables, etc.
would good lens museums car shows	You can use it for museums and car shows, but not an ideal one. The aperture is only F/4, not larger enough for museums and car shows where flash is not allowed. 
questions I able use without subwoofer worth money	I have two sets of SoundSticks: one for my desktop computer and one for my TV. I've never tried to just run the sticks without the subwoofer and the sticks have what look like standard RCA jacks which connect to the sub. The sub connects to your laptop/iPod with a standard 3.5" headphone jack. 
camera used one come accessory equipment	Mine did.
play video8 cassettes 37 inches x 24 inches	Only the high 8 tapes.
camera come av cable	Yes
camera stereo sound left right audio outputs	I don't think it does.
record 8mm extraslim cassettes	i don't know if it does - i bought it used in order to transfer old cassettes into digital format
would like know comes case lens covers	Yes and yes. It's a padded, soft-shell case. Nothing fancy, but it offers modest protection. And the lens caps are plastic.
center focused focus eye individually	Initially, you have to use the center focusing ring for the left eye (binoculars trained on a subject) to adjust to a crisp image, then rotate the diopter adjustment ring of the right eyepiece until you obtain a sharp image of the same subject in the right eyepiece.
idea size andor manufacturer makes appropriate solar filter binoculars	No
bak4	According to the Nikon website, yes.
many watts per channel support	It can handle speakers certainly and at the price it would be worth a try for moderate power demands.
work one input ipod 5 outputs 2nd input connection 5 different speaker bars	Hmm.. if you're asking if you can connect an ipod to one input and 5 different speakers to each of the other 5 inputs. Then yes. 
tcc tc716 switch box capable switching multiple turntable inputs without degradation signal quality causing noise	I would try it because I'm using it to switch between an Apple and home built computer that has external speakers and headphones.
could used power 2 bathroom speakers allow disconnect 51 setup select power directed	Yes
4 amps 3 would input 1ampdac output pc want able listen switch 4 amps possible thank	Total of 6 in/outs available. If all amps are outputting at typical (pre)amp levels there's not problem. If output is high level such as driving loudspeakers then there's great danger of over driving the pc front end if it is accidentally switched to receive the output from such a source. 
come well specified user manual sure understand turn onoff unused inputs program inout	It's simply inputs (outputs) on a common bus. Switch in, connected. Switch out, disconnected. Think of it as inputs in parallel. 
plug bluetooth transmitter 35mm pair bluetooth speaker pick items plug	sounds like a good idea. I see no reason why it wouldn't work
want keep pc speakers plugged pc use device use one pair speakers pc ps4 andor ps3	Yes. Your PC probably uses a 3.5mm audio connection to it's speakers (which this device has an input for). 
long cord one	I think you will find the cable is sufficiently long, it's above 9 feet.
sennheiser hd555 use ipod agree	Your welcome. Open headphones such as these HD555's have sort of a metal mesh grill on each outer side where the speakers are located, sort of like a boom box has on each speaker. 
using hd555 128&gt320 kbps mp3 would recommend using headphones things I shall I listening	These are a bit overkill for iTunes mp3 songs, though you certainly won't be disappointed. If you get them, try listening to a CD and then the same song as low quality mp3. 
good travel	Not really. It's on the large side, and it's not noise canceling. They're open headphones, so people around you will hear what you're listening to if it's loud enough.
sennheiser hd555 headphones surround stereo iv'e seen labeled different sites	Stereo
1 rest outok 1 &amp rest inok correct used w 2 &amp 2 time assuming low level ins	You can attach any number of inputs and outputs. The results will be that all the inputs are mixed according to the input levels it receives, and the outputs will all carry the same mixed signals. 
openaire indicate sound escapes headphones would disturb others need hometheater headphones use kids sleep	I would have to say yes. They are awesome headphones with excellent quality but my wife definitely knows i am using them!! 
sennheiser hd555s compare sennheiser hd580s pair owned years ago hd555s made china ireland	When I bought them 2 years ago the box stated "Made in Germany" but that could mean a number of things. Designed? Assembled? Packaged? where are the small parts made? Check this site. I don't know if its truthful but it seems to be ok http://www.productfrom.com/company/81/143/0,0,0/1/ 
hook pc audio device get hum way fix	You have a ground loop somewhere. These can be hard to find and fix. I would do some reading on it. Musicians are often very familiar with this problem. Often times it's as simple as making sure that the two devices sharing the circuit (for example, in an audio circuit like this, the computer generating the audio signal and the speakers outputting it) are on the same AC outlet -- often times plugging into different AC outlets can introduce a ground loop. I've had some luck with ground loop isolators and filters. Amazon sells a number of these. You'd want one that's targeted toward your specific cable type. 
used others watch tv normal volume used others watch tv normal volume	Yes, We have RS 110 and the good wife uses them while the 2 of us watch TV. I use the regular speakers that are part of our home entertainment unit.
use 2 headphones 1 transmitter	Yes, we have three headphones and we use all of them at the same time with one transmitter. Great product!!
good person slight hearing problem slight hearing problem age related would best choice model buy	I would say you can't really go wrong with Sennheisers, they do get quite loud if you want them to. 
using rc connectors instead headphone jack tv muted disturb roommate	Yes, you can either mute the tv or turn rhe volume all the way down on the tv and control the volume on the head phones.
mute tv still hear headphones	Yes!
unit get recharging station recharge batteries one side headphones sounds come help please	They do not have rechargeable batteries, the speaker problem is the frec. Needs adjusted
connecters tv come headset &amp transmitter	Yes, it was delivered and my husband put it together with no problems and used it that night. Blessing for both of us.
noise cancellation quality noisy job headphones kind would allow cancel good amount outside noise comfortably listen	No. These are noise dampening only, check out the PXC 460 model for true noise cancellation.
hows bass hows bass headphones	Not great, in all honesty if you're looking for more bass go with with the hd280pro's. the HD555's are no slouch, but they're meant to be a natural warm listening experience, not bass heavy. 
previously purchased set headphones find analog tv's work digital tv's	They work on myHD TV, I sure like them. I like that the transmitter shut off when the TV is shut off
sometimes find overtheear headphones uncomfortable wear glasses comfortable glasses	Yes. I wear glasses with them all the time.
red blue back tv hookupbut everyone say hook red blackwhat get wireless working	If it says the red and blue jacks are audio output...connect them and is should work.
work television completely wireless tv mitsubishi 65	If your tv has a headphone jack on in, you can plug the transmitter part of this item into it & it'll work, completely wireless. 
headphone recommendation needed thoughts	It's all a question of how much you are willing to spend. The HD-595's and even the 555's are decent headphones but if you primarily use them with your ipod they are not the most portable headphones, if for nothing else, because of their bulk. 
detachable cable	They do not. It's corded.
51 anyone know support 51 watching movies receiver	The definition of 5.1 is five satellite speakers and 1 subwoofer. If you will take note these headphones have 2 sides. 
mic	No mic :/
please recommend perfect closed version 595s perfect $200 headphones office rave reviews like 595s	I recommend the Sennheiser HD448s. They sound great and are very clear like the 595s, which I also own.
sennheiser hd595 made anyone bought hd595 recently please confirm hd595 made	I've just checked the box. It says that they are made in China but that the "acoustics" where made in Europe...?? It also says that it was designed in Germany. I hope this helps.
computer speakers amp I wondering hooking headphones 51 pc speaker's headphone give effect	I own these headphones and i hook them up to my mac laptop and computer all the time and the sound quality is fantastic. I also have a fiio e5 and that really doesn't do much. These headphones are very sensitive and only 50 ohm so therefor you will not need an amplifier. 
amped unamped hd595 assume amp provide louder sound music sound fuller'	BTW, I'm not completely sure how much of a difference there will be with MP3's. To really get the best quality sound i would recommend FLAC files. 
pick channels like 51 72 etc	It will if the signal is strong enough. Works the same as any antenna. I am in a bad reception area and need to move the antenna often. 
hook toa samsung led tv	Connect the antenna cable directly to the TV. It's that simple.
since house contains outside aluminum siding &amp red brick I never found indoor antenna workable suggestions	An indoor antenna probably won't work due to aluminum siding. Might have to consider a roof top antenna.
live niantic il right decatur ilzip code is62551 terk mdl hdtvi pickup wetv program champain il	It might. I wasn't able to pick much up but I live 60 miles from the station I was trying to get, surrounded by mountains. 
many tvs hook antenna one time	One
get signal 60 miles away	You might. It depends on hills, large buildings etc. but this antenna is little better than standard rabbit ears, so it's not going to work miracles.
cable &amp hdtv &amp get channel 4 &amp 11 live apartment kind antenna need view channels	You can check out the Mohu Leaf Paper-Thin Indoor HDTV Antenna - Made in USA. 
switch 209 still work wondering switch digital 209 still able use antenna without tv hooked cable	If you do not have a digital or high definition tv, you must purchase a digital to analog converter box. 
clearstream antaenna	I'm not sure what a clear stream antenna I, but the Terk antenna is a regular antenna. It does get all channels (HDTV, VHF, UHF), but it is not a good antenna. It is no better than a set of "rabbit ears." After reading good reviews about this antenna and discovering that it was not exceptional in any way, I was a bit skeptical about claims from other manufacturers who touted their products as being superior, but I took a chance with a Radio Shack antenna that was a bit hyped. 
pick channel 122 stokesdale nc 27357	I don't know what it will pick up, up there. You will need to get an inline booster. My channel 7.1 through 7.4 comes in good all the time. My channel 21.1 through 21.4 don't come in to good all the time, at night better. 
question targus leather laptop case 17 case hold several legal sized foldersenvelopes chance	yes
truley leather bag picture looks mostly mesh bought give full review	The case is leather on the outside and mesh lining on the inside, it is as advertised. If you are looking for high end leather laptop case this is not it. For me this bag is a great value for the what I use it for....love the price.
case soft sided hard sided potential damage travel soft sided	there was no case provided....these are not travel phones....they are comfortable but large...no portable or computer can run these properly.
zippers back bag slip onto handle rolling bag	There is a strap on back of case that can slip over suitcase handle easily
inside compartment dimensions computer 165 * 11 thanks	The inner size of the bag is 17,7" * 13,4", but the bag itself looks out not "very expensive" :-(
room also carry cooling pad	A cooling pad will most assuredly fit. This is a big honkin' case.
bag fit 173 laptop	Yes, very nicely.
size bag length width width side	Hi. The length of the main pocket is 18.5 inches and a 17 inch laptop fits comfortably into it, I also put my wireless keyboard into that pocket at the same time. Side pockets have 16.5 inch openings and have a depth of 1.5 inches and height of 10.5 inches. 
quality lens rating system web site rate lens ln ex	This lens is a "DO" (Diffractive Optics). Although not officially an "L" series the build quality it very similar to it with the main difference being the style of optics internal to the lens. 
good sports action photos	Sam, I did comparisons with both the DO and the zoom 70-300mm. To me the DO lens was less sharp than the conventional zoom lens another factor while holding the shorter DO lens it was harder to keep the camera still little area to hold and steady the lens with your left hand the longer zoom lens was easier to stabilize and felt better in hand. 
exact length lens description says 820 x 1000 x 32 inches obviously correct length specifically	About 5" in length. However I did opt to go with the longer zoom lens instead of the DO lens because of the sharper image and the balanced feel while holding the camera with the 70-300 zoom.
stand description canon ef 70300mm telephoto zoom lens f45 56	diffractive optics
14x range extender compatible lense	I haven't tried it with an extender, but I don't think it's compatible. This information comes from Canon: "This converter is only compatible with fixed focal length L-series lenses 135mm and over, as well as the EF 70-200/2.8L, EF 70-200/2.8L IS, EF 70-200/4L, and EF 100-400/4.5-5.6L."
fit canon 70d	I'm sure it would, don't know of any models not having the standard Canon lens mount.
canon released lens besides one	I am sorry but I don`t know.I think only two lens has DO.this lens and 400mm is only DO lens Canon have.Thank you.
type lens used body 40d swap lens body	Sure. Any Canon EF lens will work. If you own older Canon FD lens you'll need to buy an adapter. Hope this helps...
I looking buying one get feet wet full frame arena noise one main things shoot astro	This isn't a full-frame camera. It's aps-h, 1.3x crop. And if you're shooting astro photography you should be looking into a Nikon d800 or a 5dmkii. This is a camera with 11-year old sensor technology. 
current shutter count actuations	I bought this camera used with about 50,000 actuations for $400.00 last year.
well camera low light conditions	Lets face it the Canon EOS-iD Mark II was released in 2004, and Clearly the Canon 1D2 was the very best for its time. Its now 10 years later, and there are many cameras that have FAR SUPERIOR low light and color rendition that a device engineered 12 years ago. 
hi contemplating buying camera thinking letting rebel t3i go order pay camera thoughts	It's a good camera,if I brought it you must have a L-Lens to have sharper pics.
shutter actuation count camera	8.5 per secon
filmmaking camera come	This camera does not shoot video. However with the right software, you could make a movie composed of animated stills shot by this camera. One challenge with this particular camera is the shutter. The shutter may fail around 70,000 actuations instead of the represented 250,000. The part costs $200 to replace if you do it yourself, and about $800 if you send it in to Canon for repair. It would be wise to check the history of the shutter prior to purchase. 
would ok primarily indoor portraits I looking heavy traveler use 50d 70d something use holidays special family events	I have used it for portraits...with and without flash/lights. The key is to use a tripod and a remote "trigger." 
feel like camera good true cheap opinion compared 1d's difference	Firstly it is an older 1D. It is a second generation APS-H SLR. Right now they are on Mark IV in that range. One of the best advantages of this camera for me is the 8fps burst mode. Very good for a camera in this category and price range. 
printer fit kodak easy share z740 camera	I can tell you the Printer dock is junk. I had a total of three doc's and Kodak don't back up the product
rollers picking paper print	If your printer will not picking up the paper to print, try a cue tip dipped in alcohol and clean the roller or rollers on the printer. Fan the paper out to keep it from sticking to each other in the tray. I hope this will help you.
compatible kodak camera dx 7630	No
print pictures kodak easyshare m531	It is a small format printer so it only prints pictures.
easy share printer prints one half paper put new ink cartridge still prints half page help	Exactly same thing happened to me several years ago. It was caused by something dropping on the printer. It was misaligned and the cost of repair was too much. Check with Amazon ,E-bay and other resources for a printer, but i suggest the following: Y
work normal printer hook laptop	NO NO NO Kodak has not made anything for this printer in over 5 years. The paper and ink is out of date and will not work properly. Save your money. 
compatible c1530 c195 cameras	I don't know but I had my FILL with these Kodak printer/docks. There's a plastic piece inside that breaks and you are out of business. Went through the whole deal of sending off and getting refurbished and it lasted 6 months (and I don't use that often). 
half print problem used fix shown utube nylon bushing split advertised put doc 3 back together	I don't think the question was finished. Third sentence has a comma and did not continue to ask a question
buy ink easyshare printer compatible cartridge help	I haven't bought any in a while, but used to get it at Walmart. 
upgraded eos body 70d lens compatible	Yes, compatible with full frame and crop sensors.
printer go computer cannot find cd put back buy another cd somehow every place look line says long	Have you tried to download the drivers from Kodak support? Try this link - have your model number (maybe serial number) handy. http://support.en.kodak.com/app/home/selected/true or Google "Kodak Easyshare Support"
number actuations	Is there any way of telling that with a precision? If yes, please give me a hint.
comes lens	I received the tripod ring attachment, front and back covers for the lens and the lens pouch which zips and velcros shut.
xsi &amp ef 28300mm f3556l usm lens please advise would anyone recommend pairing xsi ef28300mm	I have the XTI and use L lenses. The glass is what makes the picture for sure.
lens used teleconverter	The following comes from a site reviewing the lens. Along with many of Canon's other L-Zooms, the 28-300 L has a 77mm filter size. Like many of the newer L-Zooms, the 28-300 IS is weather sealed.
work canon 40d	calculo que si
box	The lens with a tripod mount (removable), the front and rear covers, a CD with the manual and specifications and the lens hood.
used eds 30d	Not sure I use both 40D and 60D
come lens hood	Yes
think comparing 70200 f28	For one thing you don't have the full range as the 28/300... Which is an all around lens. I would say the 70/200 being 2.8 captures great shots that you are planning for in that range, Unlike the other where the shots might be wide angle to zoom changing frequently.
use lens canon eos d30	Yes. I had a D60 and used the earlier version of this lens (Canon 28-350 f/3.5-5.6). It fits and works fine. I currently have a 50D and 1DX that I use this lens on.
sound camera anyone else problem	There is no audio on movie mode with this camera.
work	Yes, it seems to work fine. The lens is slow opening, this is how my old one started to not work, then it would not open at all.
work	I have had a couple of these, and they take really great pictures. 
easy share printer prints one half paper put new ink cartridge still prints half page help	Exactly same thing happened to me several years ago. 
compatible c1530 c195 cameras	I don't know but I had my FILL with these Kodak printer/docks. There's a plastic piece inside that breaks and you are out of business. 
printer fit kodak easy share z740 camera	I can tell you the Printer dock is junk. I had a total of three doc's and Kodak don't back up the product
compatible kodak camera dx 7630	No
rollers picking paper print	If your printer will not picking up the paper to print, try a cue tip dipped in alcohol and clean the roller or rollers on the printer. 
rechargable batteries charged camera need buy rechargalble batteries charger thanks tom	No, you need to buy a charger and rechargeable batteries separately.
half print problem used fix shown utube nylon bushing split advertised put doc 3 back together	I don't think the question was finished. Third sentence has a comma and did not continue to ask a question
buy ink easyshare printer compatible cartridge help	I haven't bought any in a while, but used to get it at Walmart. 
small face binoculars adjust small face	I have a normal sized face and have been quite pleased with the product.
good people glasses	probably ok with glasses, however, I found this item was not computer compatible. Meaning you could not put the pictures on the computer :( We returned for refund.
print pictures kodak easyshare m531	It is a small format printer so it only prints pictures.
looking software bought elsewhere included place go get line	Its hard to tell you where to find it. 
true canon battery	YES IT IS THE REAL DEAL.
work normal printer hook laptop	NO NO NO Kodak has not made anything for this printer in over 5 years. The paper and ink is out of date and will not work properly. 
printer go computer cannot find cd put back buy another cd somehow every place look line says long	Have you tried to download the drivers from Kodak support? Try this link - have your model number (maybe serial number) handy. See - http://support.en.kodak.com/app/home/selected/true or Google "Kodak Easyshare Support"
would battery battery charger memory card work canon eos 400d camera power electricity country 220 volt	I would recommend you first to check yours camera's manual. I don't know about specifications of that model. Sorry.
remove spare battery	push up on the thumb lever holding the battery in and the battery should pop out.
remove spare battery	If your referring to the Battery that's being charged, just push up on the end tab. The battery will pop out.
come dock charger power adapter say come ac power cord mean constant camera power supply	It has been a while since I used that camera. However, I do have a brand new dock charger in an unopened box that I bought just before I got a different camera.
dock missing power cord	No, this dock came with the cord, in orig box with a battery for the camera. Very satisfied with purchase.
builtin tuner	Yes, but it is an analog tuner only. It doesn't pick up digital TV signals.
programs taped mitsubishi hsu50 playback well sony vcr	Should play beautifully with all other things being equal. All machine brands I have owned have been picky about tape brands for some reason, and the Sony N750 is no different. 
hp r507 charging dock like cord one come cord	I made the mistake of purchasing a new Dock, only to find out the cord was the problem. HP does not sell the cord. I have yet to find one on line.
actual canon battery generic knock thanks	Yes it was
cables connect cable box included	Hi Dominic, There is no cable included with the VCR for that, but you should not need one from box to VCR. 
beta player runs little small tapes	No. This is a player for VHS tapes (T-120) approximately 7 X 3 inches in size. You probably will never again see the old beta player or its tapes.
sony slvn750 play betamax tapes	No, it will play VHS tapes only.
play beta tapes vhs player I looking beta player	It plays my vhs tapes fine
unit remote	Yes. If you have problems with it, make sure that the "eye" on the end doesn't have any fingerprints, etc on it. wipe with a Kleenex and it works fine.
use battery camera canon d50	Sorry I don't know, I bought it cause it had the same # as the one in my Cannon Power shot g-3.. a very OLD camera. Sorry
dvd playing vhs still plays	Maybe you need to clean the DVD player. Possibly the disc itself is scratched too.
machine burn dvd copy vhs tape	Only personal VHS. It won't copy movies with copywrites.
i&acutem iceland vhs play vhs tapes countries usa	Sigurbjorn, I'm not sure. We've never had that question asked. VHS should play similarly, although DVD has copyright limits, and supports Region 1 only. Thanks for your interest in Samsung products. --Mr. S
record dvd vcr	No
remote control	Yes. You can see in the description details, all the way at the bottom, section says "what's in the box". I didn't think this was a good product at all. I think only half of it worked after 6 months. I tossed it after less than a year!
rf output	Yes, it has RF input/output. If you have more questions, do what I did and check the PDF version of the manual here: http://ec1.images-amazon.com/media/i3d/01/A/man-migrate/MANUAL000065138.pdf
dose unit tv tuners	No - it does not have a tuner.
need vhs dvd player recorder also want record tv region mean	Tina Withington, This model will allow you to record from VHS to DVD. Region refers to the copyright regions - there are several around the world, and the United States is in Region 1. 
need tuner	No. This is a simple unit to use and dependable. I have 2 I connect the sattelite (or cable) to the back of the recorder and then a line out to TV. Very simple. Be happy to answer any other questions. Peg
u connect speakers I guessing u need stereo system right	You need Receiver/Amplifier to power those speakers, It's possible to buy more than 2.0 (Stereo) Channel Amplifier and hook up to 8 Speakers at once.
record vcr dvd	I don't know-but check out their manual: http://ec1.images-amazon.com/media/i3d/01/A/man-migrate/MANUAL000065138.pdf
weight speakers	Very light, 2 pounds or less on each speaker !
bracket included mount outside home something extra purchase	no brackets included with these, that is why the price is lower. But they can be purchased easily, and you don't need the possibly more expensive bose ones, most brackets would work, many cost only $10 a pair on amazon, ebay, etc.
connect bose system home music playing house side	The 151 SE speakers will need to be connected to an amplifier/receiver to operate. We do not recommend particular brands or models of amplifiers or receivers for operation with our speaker.
speakers compatible wired volume control switch would hook	Yes they should be.. these speakers are not powered, but they do have a red and black input(+ -) on the back of them that you would hook up from your volume control switch.
add single speaker pair stated anywhere	This ad is for a pair, when brand new they are not sold individually. The box contains 2 speakers.
hmdi hookups	Terry B., This model has composite and component, but not HDMI. Thanks for your interest in Samsung products. --Mr. S
bluetooth anything connected say like bluetoothing cell phones outside	No. They are not Bluetooth.
dimensions speakers length primarily	Technical information Driver complement Three (3) 2 inch full-range environmental drivers per speaker Dimensions 4 in H x 6 in D x 12 in W (11.4 cm x 15.2 cm x 31.8 cm) Compatibility * Compatible with amplifiers or receivers rated 10 to 100 watts per channel at 4 to 8 ohms * 50W IEC continuous power handling at 6 ohms Environmental capabilities * Salt fog, sun, high humidity (100% relative humidity) * Temperature extremes: -40F to 158F (-40C to 70C)
I looking binocular exceptionally good low light watch feeding owls dusk 10x 50's perform	The binocs are great. I love the extending eye pieces, but don't use my glasses. 
kind tripad use item thank	None. There is no specific tripod mount feature. You'd just have to rest it on something.
prism roof porro	The 7245 is a porro prism binocular with 6.5 degree angle, awesome image quality in light and low light. Stuart M.
7245 binocs show lithium battery needed battery	I saw that in the specs as well but upon receiving the binocs there is no battery. Anywhere. Must have been for another model. BTW. These are great. The clearest view of any I have ever owned.
I wanting buy binoculars amazon buy $10 warrant	
carrying case come product	Yes
planet	Yes, but this is entry level, no rings around Saturn.
looking tripod binobulars suggestions	I have no experience with Tele-Vue products. There is no built in tripod mount for these binoculars, but there is an adapter available http://www.amazon.com/Nikon-Binocular-Tripod-Adapter-Action/dp/B00006LS6D/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1356633951&sr=8-1&keywords=Tripod+Adaptor-+Action%2FAction+EX%2FMarine+Series
ship carrying case included	Sorry. This was sent as a gift. Don't know if it came with a case.
get better case binoculars case comes strap attached need case attached strap	I've noticed the design of the Nikon case allows the strap from the binoculars to extend outside of the case. As a result, the case is carried by the binoculars.
7245 good bright moon star observations reviews state lenses distort full moon	Actually I use these to observe the moon and they are wonderful.  
product used night	Just used it for moon eclipse watching last night and it worked great at 20F Michigan night condition. No fog occurred on the lenses at all.
weight	Here is a link to all the technical specifications of the Nikon Action Extreme 8 x 40mm binoculars http://www.nikonsportoptics.com/Nikon-Products/Binoculars/7238/Action-Extreme-8x40-ATB.html#tab-ProductDetail-ProductTabs-TechSpecs The weight is 30.1 oz. 
amazon advertises nikon 7238 shockproof reason bought themthe nikon packagingliterature makes mention shockproof	Good question. I bought them for my wife who is an avid bird watcher and is also a little rough with handling delicate things.
hunting	They would be fine for hunting from a stand. They might be a little heavy for a hunter that does a lot of walking. 
product come case included particular package	Mine came with a case and I have done terrific birding this spring with them. 
unit buy hook speakers like blue tooth receiver use iphone play music	The 151 SE speakers are passive speakers. They are designed to be powered by an amplifier or audio receiver. A Bluetooth device could potentially be used as an auxiliary device with the amplifier/audio receiver.
made	Don't know. However, looks and feels solid and made with quality.
speakers connected blue tooth receiver	Yes, as long as you can connect speaker wires to your bluetooth receiver. But the speakers themselves do not have bluetooth. The have speaker wire connections.
binoculars fine hate case came terribly awkward remove glasses better case	I have not had the chance to use mine much, but from experience with other equipment I would suggest keeping them in the case just for transport and storage. 
item include neck strap binoculars lens caps	In answer to your question this package does include the nexk strap and all the lens caps.
good dark areas street lights work area stay post also keep eye suspicious vechiles	I have not tried these at night. I use them primarily for bird watching, for which they are excellant. 
use date batteries sent	I ordered mine this past February and the expiration date was Jan 2022.
could replace vattnic cr123a 1500mah 30v panasonic	No. I use both. CR123A is longer.
allow ttl sb28 d7100	No, the SB-28 was designed for older film cameras and operates in Manual or the old Auto mode where the flash determines exposure, not the camera. It is not TTL compatible, but you can still use it with the SC-28. For TTL flashes (SB-700, etc), the SC-28 works in TTL mode just like on -camera. Personally, I use manual flash modes a lot anyway for repeatability and better control.
cr2 battery use bushnell rangefinder	Pretty sure it is. What I use in a Weaver rangefinder.
cord compatible nikon d40 camera	Yes
nikon 4765 sc28 ttl 9ft remote cord work nikon d7000 using sb 600 speed light	It should work fine. I use the remote cord on my Nikon D7000 with an SB400 speed light.
cord used connector d600 d90 sb700 combination	If the camera has a hot shoe, the cord should work.
assume chord used d7100 sb700	Hi. I'm not 100% sure but it should work (there is no reason not to work. I use it with the d7000 and a sb400). However, you ca operate the sb700 wirelessly from the d7100.
mount flash bracket attaching speedlight	The bottom of the head unit of this speed light remote has a standard tripod mount. Screw it right onto the too of your flash bracket.
cord move pictures powershot sx400 computer	Yes, the cable can transfer data from your SX400 to your computer. I hope this helps and thank you for looking. Ryan
original canon cable work canon powershot g10	No
work canon powershotsx520hc	Yes. this cable is compatible with a Canon SX520HC camera. I hope this helps and thank you for looking.
work old canon a720	If the camera has a port for it to plug into it should work. Consult the manual for the camera it should tell you if and how it is to be used.
cannon xa10 want know cable use webcam webmeeting	No
purchased cable like would fit canon elph150is power shot bottom camera circular opening anyone	No
work sx520hs	I'm not sure it should list what it works with. If it hooks up to your camera it should work. You may have to make a selection in your camera menu though. Google it and you should find an answer. Hope this helps.
work power shot sx 160	Yes
cord work canon powershot a560	Yes, it will work with a Canon A560 camera; I hope this helps. Thank you.
know many shutter clicks	You have to use an external program such as opanda iexf editor. Install and run that program, open a recently taken picture with that program and it will show you what "click" it was taken on. Actually they are called shutter actuations.
know many shutter clicks camara tested working	I do not know about the shutter clicks but do know that the internal card reader needs to be replaced
told camera set infrared photos onlythen take typeis truecan someone explain please	This is an older model of the D70. There is no mention of infrared in the manual.
deliver overseas france	Sorry No
camera capture video frame rate shoot max resolution	Sorry, Nikon D70 does not have a video function at all, but Nikon D90 captures 720p video.
looking inexpensive dslr interval timer need take picture every 2 hours week measuring snowfall away	It's not really the camera you would be looking for then... it would be the interval timer... VELLO makes a item called a shutterboss... several styles many are very inexpensive. They work with Canon and Nikon. 
work canon rebel xti	I'm fairly sure that it will as it works with my hs 50.
need slr digital camera school camera ready use purchase parts also body	Here are some links for everything you will need. 18-55mm lense http://www.amazon.com/Nikon-18-55mm-3-5-5-6G-AF-S-Nikkor/dp/B000LWJ1ES/ref=sr_1_11?ie=UTF8&qid=1381179351&sr=8-11&keywords=nikon+1.8 50mm 1.8 f stop http://www.amazon.com/Nikon-50mm-1-8D-Nikkor-Lens/dp/B004EHJWRW/ref=sr_1_7?ie=UTF8&qid=1381179521&sr=8-7&keywords=nikon+1.8 Compact Flash Card http://www.amazon.com/Kingston-Ultimate-CompactFlash-CF-16GB-U2/dp/B001FO4QHI/ref=sr_1_11?ie=UTF8&qid=1381179667&sr=8-11&keywords=compact+flash+card
put installation cd drive got prompt said adapter work windows 2000 xp 98 vista	It sounds like you need NETGEAR WG111 Wireless USB 3.0 Adapter (54 Mbps) not 2.0
want connect tivo series 2 tivo's website adapters starting serial numbers wg72 130 compatible u 1 stock	We have three wg111v2 with serials1ac178,1ac185, & 1ac185b
use nikon lenses 35mm camera	some but not all Try www.kenrockwell.com for compatibility lists
need macbook mini cd drive way upload	I'm thinking hook up a c drive to your pc or try ask Netgear for instructions for your Macbook.
device allow get wifi internet att wifi device desktop	As far as I know it should! When you get the Netgear wireless adapter it will take you step by step through the connection process. You can get connected to any available wifi connection.
wireless usb adapter work smart tv allow access internet	seems very unlikely
wireless usb adapter work smart tv	Yes, it will. Jst plug the cable into the USB PORT on your tv.
record live piano onto cd cassette	I don't think so, but it is supposed to record a CD from a cassette, but haven't tried it
play mp3 cd boombox play mp3 cds	Several reviewers say that it does not play MP3.
hook ipod radio	No, I'm afraid not. At least on the model of this machine I purchased a few years ago.
field view	Oh gosh, I'm not sure what you mean. I can tell you that I took these binocs to the Amazon for spotting birds, monkeys and sloths, and they were great! I'd have to say it's not a panoramic field of vision, but was excellent for my use. 
shopping mom's birthday requested binoculars backyard birdwatching homebound entire 2nd story clerestory windows overlooking nature preserve good choice better longerfar away distances	Marnee, We are not experts on this issue and this is the first set of binoculars we had purchased in a few years, but we use them to view birds in our tree tops, 40, 50, 60 feet up. We also view birds further away, of course, but these binoculars are well suited to close viewing.
motorized body	I attached the lens from my 35mm and the D70 autofocuses well with it. The d70 does not have a motorized zoom.
would recommend binocs take holiday reviews say bit heavy	Yes
windows 8 compatible	According to the Microsoft.com website, it's compatible.
old camera many pictures already take	I'm not sure how old, exactly, but probably a few years old as it does not use SD card but an older card and can only manage 2g cards. As for how many pictures, I'd say in excess of 10, 000. It's an excellent camera.
would binos good theatre	N/A for me
work standard corded office phones use jack	This device will work with phones that have a 2.5mm jack which are usually only found on cordless phones., This jack looks similar to earphone connection on your cell phone or ipod. I hope this helps.
get headset work ear need remove piece fits ear switch around	Yes, just revome carefully the piece that fits over the ear and switch it.
recharge ear headset	This is a wired headset, basically wire cords attached to magnets and membranes like you're common every day music earphones. No batteries to recharge.
heardset use cell phone	No, it does not work with my smart phone. I use this headset with my cordless home phone.
work panasonic kxtga560m wireless handset able plug directly cordless handset correct	It should fit just fine. I think the the holes are the same size on all cordless phones.
work lap top voice ip phone	The connector is ultra mini. Smaller than the connector needed for a smartphone. For VoIP you will be better off with a product that has a two pronged audio in and out or USB connector.
work dragon naturally speaking	I don'tknow defnitively but it should: I use it for Skype and Google Hangouts so...it's just a USB interface, you know? I'd give it 90% probability of working.
work home head setphone sytem voipthrough computer looking going wireless suggest	It is hard to find a good one-ear headset. They all seem to be made with a flimsy wire that shorts out over time. 
purchased panasonic kxtge274s link2cell bluetooth enabled phone looking wireless headset use system	Don't buy this. I bought against against the advice of some of the reviews. It is not meant for a human head, as the "earpiece" is so tiny it wouldn't even fit over a finger.
usb adapter use laptop	No
batteries	Batteries are in the film packs not the actual camera.
want buy sister film camera kind buy	You can order film from urbanoutfitters.com for it $30
need buy besides film	Nothing, but picture quality is poor
use film camera httpwwwamazoncomgpproductb00g	Yes. It works as a replacement for Polaroid 600 film. They have color as well.
size photos	I don't quite remember the exact size, it's approx. 3.5" Wx 5"H.
camera take certain type batteries	Im sure it does but i didnt have to put one in
get film camera	At amazon!
olympus trooper 8x40 dps 1 binoculars comfortable wear glasses	I don't know of any binoculars that are comfortable with eyeglasses. I take mine off when using binoculars. If you hold the binoculars to your glasses, you reduce your field of view to a peephole. 
much weigh	It weighs 30 onces.
big binnoculars	They are approximately 6" x 7" at their widest points. They are NOT mini-binocs/opera glasses. They are worth the size and weight because the lenses are very good. For wildlife viewing/bird watching in the Amazon, these were vital. 
big pictures prints	They are 3 inchs all around
much time camera take process photo	Actually I bought it for our maintenance crew for recording purpose. I used a older model of Polaroid, it took about 20-30 sec to develop the film. I guess this one would be faster.
actually wanted buy yellow one receive gray onecan change yellow	no sorry
fit gatmin 396 maps	Garmin has many units with the same "form factor", FF, i.e. the cases are the came. I have a GPSMAP 276 C and a GPSMAP 378 and they are the same case and cover. I'd goto the Garmin website and search their product list which will have pics. 
fit garmin 496	It surelly fits 176, 276C, 296 & 376, never had a 496 in hand as to know for sure.
could center piece taken used store rubber stamps	No
see slimmer width common dvd boxes get movie however height	They are the same dimensions. They are slimmer because they only house 1 disc.
clear shiny ones frosted last ones ordered frosted	They are both. Frosted on the inside but a clear plastic on the outside so you can slide your information in.
cases slightly soft plastic rigid	Hard plastic but has flexibility. Not going to break if dropped.
cases clear plastic overlay inserting literature	Yes, these have a clear plastic sleeve... outer cover for inserting artwork or literature. Bobby...
new enviornmentally friendly crappy cases new enviornmentally friendly crappy cases	No, these are not that kind. These have no cut outs to lower rigidity.
rectangular square thinner better take room overall	rectangular
single double dvd cases	they are single
size insert goes plastic cover	For both sides (front, back and side) 10.75" x 7.25"
cases full front back clear plastic overlay cover page inserted	Yes
new enviornmentally friendly crappy cases new enviornmentally friendly crappy cases	No, I don't think so. They are solid and look just like regular DVD cases.
kind flap inside extra disk leaving space inserts two facing hubs case ps update thank first couple people answered seriously meetoos getting	These do not have the flaps for inserts. Just the two facing hubs.
hooked internet unsecured put security lock cant find guide found online	http://www.ehow.com/how_6529194_set-security-motorola-sbg900-surfboard.html Try this link
modem work wifi need modem cable confused looking many comcast well	Yes this is for wifi. I have time warner cable and use it for internet. This is for cable internet not cable tv.
become wireless	It is a modem and a wireless router.
work time warner	yes, must report the modem number to TWC to get access to their network
lights front green operating normally wireless light bottom always yellow normal	my modem wireless light is always yellow/ flashing yellow, and it works well.I have it since 9 months ago :)
get right functions modem wifi router need one set internet thanks	Yes. It'll modem and wifi.
fit montana	Is the Montana shaped as the 276c? Guess no.
14mm 7mm 5mm	7mm half the width of the standard DVD or bluray case
clear memorex slim dvd cases anyone insight	Jewel cases are formed from styrene plastic, which has the advantage of glass-like transparency, but unfortunately is quite brittle and often breaks if accidentally dropped. 
lifespan many years yes	My last one lasted about seven years, love it because it is wireless and a router/modem in one, you do not need separate components. Comcast does not give you a modem when you have their service, you have to rent or buy one.
time warner cable motorola wireless modem work time warner cable	I had exactly this model installed by TWC themselves, and works perfectly well.
bought isnt supposed come installation software install set password wifi connection	It didn't come with anything. Connect PC via data cable. Open browser and type 192.168.0.1. Login is admin and PW is motorola.
comcast said modem supported true trying let rent device	I have Comcast and have been happily using the SBG900 modem for years. I'd say whomever you're talking with at Comcast down't know what they're talking about.
product come sleeves purchase separately	It comes with the sleeves in the pictures. You don't have to purchase them separately. You put your DVDs on one side and your movie cover sheet on the other. 
needing sleeves cant find anywhere exact ones product order sleeves	i havent found any myself, although ive packed the one i purchased with blurays , and with the sleeves its already bulky, i would just purchase another caselogic case or see if theres one with more capacity
additional refill pages purchased cannot seem find refills need 20 sleeves	I haven't filled mine yet. But I think you can
carry carry handle like briefcase would disks fall sleevesbased orientation sleeve openings	No. It zips all the way around.
liner pages fit standard 3 ring binder	Not that I am aware. The pages have a slit design for the holes, not a circular. There are two slit opens verses a standard three hole concept with binders.
many sleeves case	I want to say it came with 46 pages. I don't recall for sure, but I didn't buy any additional inserts just mixed and organized between a few other smaller binders and there are 50 pages in mine now. 
soft sleeves scratch discs	The sleeves are very soft. They are just like a CD case sleeve. 
amazon stock replacement 12v cord managed trip mine pulling plug end cord	Celestron does sell a 110VAC to 12VDC adapter as well as a car battery-12VDC adapter. Here is a link (I hope) to the 110 VAC adapter: http://www.amazon.com/Celestron-Telescopes-110v-Adapter-18778/dp/B0012YXF1O/ref=pd_sim_p_1 This should be a stock replacement for your adapter.
cg5 work southern hemisphere ie sydney lat 34 deg sorry stupid question want assume	I don't see why it wouldn't since you can input your lat-long. Good question for either telescope.com or Orion telescopes and binoculars hot line.
hold nexstar 6se	It defenitely will. It easily holds my 8 inch reflector which is way huger than the Nexstar 6.
mount adaptable celestron c11a xlt cge optical tube assembly	You will probably need to purchase a mount that can hold a heavier load, especially if you're going to do any type of photography. I believe the capacity of this mount is 35lbs.
celestron customer service celestron's customer service repairs	I have had to ask for their assistance twice, and both times they were helpful. Once was a warranty return, and the other time was to get new azimuth screws.
slik u8000 high raise fully extended seems mentioned	I'm disagreeing with the numbers below. By my measurements, fully extended and stable, the height is about 63". 
says u8000 photos show u9000 difference 8000 quick release head	I don't know the difference but I have the U8000 and it does have the quick release.
panning tilting smooth enough video work following presenter pacing back forth	Yes, but you'll have to damp it manually, by adjusting the tension. Once you get that set to your preference, you're golden.
maximum weight tripod hold	4.4lbs according to Slik, so I wouldn't push it past five. However it holds my DSLR with 75/300 without problems.
feet removable use spikes instead	The feet apparently screw in to expose the spikes. They're not very long and I wouldn't expect them to hold on a hard surface or ice.
feet tripod work tripod dolly	Depends which tripod dolly. Most can usually work, but you might want to ask the manufacturer of the dolly.
tripod work sony a6000	Yes
insert dvd covers instead movie title notes without folding	Not sure if you can visualize this, but I folded the cover insert in half, but also folded the thin spine section inward to get it to fit 
exact dimensions binder height width thickness cabinet depth 115 inches thanks	The dimensions are in the description under technical details. The width is 11.25 inches.
dimensions sleeves binder thanks	I don't know the dimensions of the sleeves, but I can say that they hold perfectly a bluray or dvd movie cover folded in half, with movie behind in flap. I love this case, btw.
receiving plate removable size screwbolt	Yes, it is removable. Not sure of the size but I keep the plate on the bottom of my Canon T3i DSLR or this battery grip when I use it. 
hello want use gopro hero 3 kind attachment would recommend buy fit tripod	I'm sorry, but I am not familiar with that product. Maybe one of the other reviewers will be able to give you an answer
come case	Don't think so.
made	China
neckstrap included comfortable requires special system locking binoculars another compatible neckstrap	Get a new stiffer neck.
interpupillary distance adjustable	Yes it is, very much so.
waterproof	No!
case one use	It comes route one.
size binoculars inches outside	When the binoculars are out of the case, these are the dimensions: Length 4 3/4" Width 5" Depth 2"
weigh	310g or 11 ounces without the case. 360g or 13 ounces with the case. I got it for my husband, and he loves it. It's compact and good binoculars.
two people line time	Think of it as a replacement handset. If two people could be on the same line were the headset not installed through using an extension or conference calling; then yes, otherwise no. 
at&ampt house phone work also good hard hearing	It works well with the At&t phone i have ( CL2939) But I dont know about the hearing impairment aspect you can adjust the listen and speak independently
headset plug phone using phone jack end	The headset plugs into the base shown, and the base plugs into your phone using a phone jacl type connection. This allows you to easily replace the headphones alone if you.have a problem with them. 
work cell phone words inputscordsplugs headset	No it will not work with a cell.
plantronics s11 wcorded headset want replace headset cordless possible base	Hi Rosemary this unit is not possible to be wireless. Check out the Plantronics cs55 or cs540 for a wireless headset.
headset w fire fly also come phonei	both headset and phone base shown in pisture do not use horrible and is just high in price for nothing
answer dial thr headset	I could answer and dialing out would have to be from an actual telephone. People could not hear me but I could hear them.
need phone system usb port employer works voip system usb port	Hi Melanie, If you haven't found a headset and you need a Plantronics wired USB headset check out the Plantronics 700. 
work multi line systems	I tried using it on my Motorola corded/cordless system and it did not function. I don't believe it's built for any type of phone but a basic single-line
size plug headset know 3 different jack sizes	Good question. I do not know the answer on that
two people line time	Think of it as a replacement handset. If two people could be on the same line were the headset not installed through using an extension or conference calling
at&ampt house phone work also good hard hearing	It works well with the At&t phone i have ( CL2939) But I dont know about the hearing impairment aspect you can adjust the listen and speak independently
shortest distance focus	Focus wise it can be as close as less than 6 feet for my eyes 
binoculars sold thecarmerabox come case thank	They should. Pentax put a case in the box. I can't think of a reason that some retailers would take the case out of the box.
anyone tell used someone wearing glasses	I have a fairly strong prescription and I can take my glasses off and use them. I just use the focus knob and I can see well. 
work cell phone words inputscordsplugs headset	No it will not work with a cell.
plantronics s11 wcorded headset want replace headset cordless possible base	Hi Rosemary this unit is not possible to be wireless. Check out the Plantronics cs55 or cs540 for a wireless headset.
headset w fire fly also come phonei	both headset and phone base shown in pisture do not use horrible and is just high in price for nothing
answer dial thr headset	I could answer and dialing out would have to be from an actual telephone. People could not hear me but I could hear them.
need phone system usb port employer works voip system usb port	Hi Melanie, If you haven't found a headset and you need a Plantronics wired USB headset check out the Plantronics 700. Or if you want to go wireless check out the Plantronics W440. 
use plantronics t10	You can if you have the adapter cord. I have one plugged into it right now.
ear covers foam leather	mine is foam, but I've had it for many years.
headset hear voice talk hard tell loud I talking normal	No, you should hear your own voice. You may need to adjust the settings on the Plantronics Vista interface (the black box between your phone and your headset). 
use landline cordless phone want plug handset adaptor need	Yes I have 7 of these running through a panasonic cordless phones kg-x series I believe. You have to buy the Plantronics 2.5mm adaptor so it will fit. 
purchased 2 headsets work hear people cannot hear something wrong	Are the headsets compatible with phone you're using? If you're getting any kind of audio, they should be. 
work plantronics s12 need adapter	If you have the S12 and the bottom cord for the headset your all set. 
hosting webinar host need headset noise canceling comfortable enough better plantronics headset	I don't know about a better headset, but I used this in a call center and it worked extremely well!
phone modular jack socket requires modular jack present headset square looking plug come modular jack	Hi Steve, can you give me the make and model of your telephone and I can tell you exactly what you need.
noice cancelling headset	Absolutely!
use iphone would need quick disconnect cable first reviewer mentioned $26 thanks	You can use it with your iPhone as long as you get a 3.5mm adapter. 
find h251n dual headset 2 earpads quick disconnect cables used call center training	Under the name of 'CallPro Headstes', we sell a H251N here:
phone purchasing says 25mm headset jack wll headset work phone	No, you will have to get an adapter (I had to do this as well, but for a 3.5 MM headset jack). The actual connection looks sort of like a USB connection. 
mic boom extendable short reach mouth customer cannot hear	It does not extend, but it bends up and down as well as back and forth. It doesn't reach right up to my mouth, but close.
use s12 amplifier	As long as it has a quick disconnect then yes. We have used these headsets with every possible adapter (T10 with RJ11 to quick disconnect, 3.5mm to Quick Disconnect, D40 Usb to Quick disconnect, etc)
work wtih cisco ip phone 7942	Sorry, I dont know but I will offer this guidance that may help. 
wear hearing aids compatible	Hello, not to my knowledge. Thank you.
one works cisco deskphone model number cp6941	Yes it will work but you will need to purchase a Plantronics A10 Cord Cable Adapter, too. Hope this helps!
headset work computer	Never tried it on a computer - sorry
work multi line systems	I tried using it on my Motorola corded/cordless system and it did not function. 
size plug headset know 3 different jack sizes	Good question. I do not know the answer on that
plug regular landline phone 25mm headset jack	No, because it has a QR jack. But you can use a cord with QR&lt;&gt;2.5mm jack.
well handle cable handling noise words use move grab handle cable audible headset	As far as I am aware, it handles very well. Very limited noise is transfer when moving about of handling any of the cables. 
plug directly computer	You must buy polaris cable with QC to USB adaptor
voip polycom 335 connect directly headphone rj9 connector cord length	No, not without an adapter. The headset ends with a quick-disconnect connection, requiring an additional cable for connection to anything else (base station, RJ port, etc.).
product warrenty comes	Warranty is issued by Plantronics.. register product with Plantronics and you get 1 year replacement warranty..
item include quick disconnect cable	No it does not. You have to purchase that separately.
rj 11 connector	The headsets with the "H" in the model # have the QD (Quick Disconnect) feature as shown in the picture. Not an rj11
phone plugged office desk phones	This headset does not plug directly into an office phone. It needs the proper adapter and possibly an amplifier.
plantronics supraplus hw251 plus monoaural vt headset compatible product	you can google the answer to make sure.
come mount	Yes. Mounting hard wear is included. Great speakers. You won't go wrong.
plug behringer q502usb work	Not sure. Got mine plugged into an Onkyo receiver, and they work well for outdoor speakers.
use boat 12v audio receiver	I would think so. If you're worried about them getting wet these are weatherproof speakers.
14 gauge wire better 16 gauge	No
gauge speaker wire would best use speakers	I had to use 16 gauge because I had to feed four sets of wire through a very narrow space....speakers sound great. If you can use thicker, you should.
well work indoor rear surround speakers	For speakers in this price point, they would do quite well as surround speakers. I brought my pair of AW150s in for the winter and am using them in the home office. 
work insignia tv ns24ed200na14	I cannot say...I am using them outside connected to a receiver. They work well and can handle the outside elements.
would 2 pairs 4 speakers total work fine receiver rated 200w100 watts channel	They should work fine. I am driving a pair with a small amplifier (2x40 watts) and the volume is more than sufficient, albeit not rock concert levels.
good enough used parties open air area 2000 sq feet	I would say yes but that depends on your stereo reciever. Mine puts out 100watts 2 channel and it fills the pool area and covered patio .
wireless	No
want install speakers backyard roof speakers hold rain sun	Outdoor speakers are weather resistant. NOT waterproof. They must be installed in an area that is protected from falling water. UV rays from the Sun will destroy anything it touches over time. Morning dew will not bother them. Occasional water will not harm them. 
make bluetooth compatible	No these are just speakers that must be plugged into a tuner. If your tuner accepts the blue tooth signal from your phone or device then sends it along the wired connection that could work but these are just speakers.
anyone used outdoors winter months looking good set speakers mount pergola hot tub	just put mine up but I plan on keeping them up all year. Im in PA so it will get crappy outside but they are "outdoor" speakers so if you can mount them under something for alittle protection they should be ok. They sound great for the $$ by the way.
mounted poll placing garden aroundthe pool	Sure
use iphone pandora wirelessly	You could use a wireless internet radio adapter (search Grace Digital GDI IRA500 Wireless), but the speakers themselves need to be wired to your stereo.
need amp headset work use headset direct connect cable	No, you do not need the amp. Don't not waste your money.
hi would possible order 10 pieces thanks ros	Yes, but I d know how to reset the shipping so that it would reflect a discounted rate
headphone hw251a means means vt headset	Well all I can tell you is the "a" is a designation for the amplifier control box. Not sure about "vt" other than videtech. 
keep coming wireless searchthese wireless correct	They are NOT wireless.....but I really don't know if such a thing exists either.
sorry already documented speakers come mounting hardware	Yes they come with mounts. When mounted vertical they will be able to angle down, when mounted horizontal they can swivel side to side.
hi active powered speakers passive thus require amplification thanks	passive requires amplification
speaker come mounting brackets	Yes it came with brackets. There were 2 bracket types. One let you tilt it and one let you rotate it.
would recommend indoor use looking connect tv living room best option onwall indoor speakers	You mention that you are going to "hook up" to your tv. 
lows	Decent for their size.
hi someone tested 28 degrees f	I had them outside a full year and we had one of the worst winters ever. They still play great. 
good sound quality	The sound is fantastic. Period. I would say these sound comparable to bose 301s if you're familiar with those. Slightly less bass, but outdoor speakers aren't exactly known for thunderous bass either. 
connect speakers amp sorry idk anything need buy additional cord	Go to Home Depot and buy the size how long you need and it's easy to instal
speakers used audio tv	yes I would think so
use speaker small hall use microphone via desk mixer	If you have wire to connect yes you can
speakers paintable	Yes.. they come in black to.
lens compatible canon 600 camera	Sigma makes lenses that will fit all the major brands of cameras, including Canon.
work nikon 1 j 1	The J1 uses a different lens mount (1 mount) so the Nikon F mount lens won't fit without an adapter. I don't recommend fooling with adapters but that's just me. 
work nikon d3000	Yes
autofocus d3100	No. Only higher end Nikon's have built in focusing motors in the body, which this lens needs. 3000 series and 5000 series lack this internal motor.
nikon canon title clearly claims sigma 55200mm f456 dc telephoto zoom lens canon digital slr cameras	Sigma makes similar lenses for several camera manufacturers, including their own. You can buy a Sigma lens for a Sigma, an Olympus, a Nikon, a Canon and so on. Amazon listings are placed by Amazon and by third parties listing on Amazon. 
works d90 nikon	yes
work nikon d3100 142mp dslr camera 1855mm vr lens 3 lcd hd video	Lens is standard 4/3, not micro 4/3. 
work canon 5d mark ii	Looks like that one is for Nikon mounts, so I would say no. Try this one instead: http://www.amazon.com/Sigma-55-200mm-Telephoto-Digital-Cameras/dp/B0001VQ12Y/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1392059621&sr=1-1&keywords=sigma+55-200+canon
lens fit canon eos rebel t3i	No it must say for canon then it will
fit canon eos t3i	The lens this question is linked to is a Nikon-fit lens, so that will not fit a Canon camera. The Canon-fit version might: http://www.amazon.com/Sigma-55-200mm-Telephoto-Digital-Cameras/dp/B0001VQ12Y/ref=pd_sim_sbs_p_3. Double-check if you need a focusing motor in the lens or in the camera. 
work efs mount	Yes it's fully compatible
use iphone	not directly, you need to connect these speakers to an amp, and then connect the iphone to the amp.
connecting zone 2 main av receiver power	Personally im using dedicated receiver for my speakers outdoors with a Zone 3 line ran to it. I am using a dedicated receiver for the purpose of the "A" & "B" so that i can control two separate zones in my yard. 
anybody compared yamaha's nsaw150's compared specs curious compare real life	I've had 2 pair of them. If they're outside, you have to caulk the seam all the way around the edge or they will collect water and corrode the electronics inside. If they're facing downward, put a screw through the grill into the frame. 
lens compatible full frame canon eos 1dx	Yes
work pentax k3 made japanis come waranty	I don't know if it works with Pentax. I'm using mine on a Nikon D800. Yes it is made on Japan. Mine was used so I don't know about warranty. It is a great lens though
dx fx lens	Full frame.
sony a7 lens work full frame auto exposurefocus converter many thanks	This lens works on full frame but I am not sure how the electronics would work with a converter
lens compatible eos 100d rebel sl1	Im not sure. Sorry. I use it with a full frame camera.
anybody knows whats difference lens new version	I would go to the website and see what info you can find there. They may have both lenses there. 
lens compatible canon 600 camera	Sigma makes lenses that will fit all the major brands of cameras, including Canon.
work nikon 1 j 1	The J1 uses a different lens mount (1 mount) so the Nikon F mount lens won't fit without an adapter. I don't recommend fooling with adapters but that's just me. 
work nikon d3000	Yes
autofocus d3100	No. Only higher end Nikon's have built in focusing motors in the body, which this lens needs. 3000 series and 5000 series lack this internal motor.
works d90 nikon	yes
work nikon d3100 142mp dslr camera 1855mm vr lens 3 lcd hd video	Lens is standard 4/3, not micro 4/3. Unsure what type of lens Nikon uses. Lens was purchased for Olympus e420 camera.
work canon 5d mark ii	Looks like that one is for Nikon mounts, so I would say no. Try this one instead: http://www.amazon.com/Sigma-55-200mm-Telephoto-Digital-Cameras/dp/B0001VQ12Y/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1392059621&sr=1-1&keywords=sigma+55-200+canon
lens fit canon eos rebel t3i	No it must say for canon then it will
fit canon eos t3i	The lens this question is linked to is a Nikon-fit lens, so that will not fit a Canon camera. The Canon-fit version might: http://www.amazon.com/Sigma-55-200mm-Telephoto-Digital-Cameras/dp/B0001VQ12Y/ref=pd_sim_sbs_p_3. Double-check if you need a focusing motor in the lens or in the camera. For Nikon that is an important differentiator. Full disclosure: I bought the Olympus version and am not a Canon user. 
18140 lens d2700 camera fit	Yes, that is the lens I bought it for.
fit nikon 18140mm lens	Yes it does
original one search hb32 hood online pictures show hb32 made thailand hoodbut picture	I do believe this is "original equipment" - not aftermarket.
hood attached 67 mm filter lense	Yes, that is for the 67mm.
hood bayonet mount hood q&ampa say snaps	Good day Obadiah. yes it is bayonet mount hood. you may purchase it. Genuine Nikon. Feel free to revert.
hood attached reverse easy storage thanks	Yes, for sure. Easy attachment in both ways.
anyone know hood compatible nikon 18300mm lens	It will be how the diameter size of the lens compares. The HB 32 fits a 67mm.
len fit canon eos rebel 1000d	Of course!
distortion problems sigma 1224 solved distortion problem 18mm	Go to the Sigma website to see sample pictures. It looks like the lens has slight pincushion distortion. You may be confusing distortion with exaggerated perspective. Of course, this lens does make near objects seem very large compared to distant objects. That should not be considered distortion. 
anyone attempted astrophotography one I I would love know capturing milky way	I think it wont work because a tipical set up for that would be 20 to 30 secs, iso 3200, f 2.8. It may work if your camera goes to iso 6400 without noise. 
thanks youbelieve original equipment picture show hb32 made thailand hood	Nikon has a large modern factory in Thailand. I have the HB-32 but it is so short as to be useless in my opinion.
would lens hood fit 18140mm lens shows 1870mm	I don't know for a fact, but a couple websites do show it as compatible with the 18-140 Ed VR lens. I honk it is worh a shot. Good luck.
anybody know cable rated 75 ohm better	I asked the same question and after receiving less than satisfactory answers I found the Monoprice 10ft High-quality Coaxial Audio/Video RCA CL2 Rated Cable - RG6/U 75ohm for only $8.65 on Amazon.
bought nagnavox dvd cable fit digital audio output coaxial jack unit	Yes. If your DVD uses the standard Coaxial jack, the Belkin PureAV Digital Coaxial Audio Cable should fit.
advertising still dosen't say fit digital audio sony tv connect via rca plug hts cable fit	It will, it is sized the same as RCA cables. I have mine running from my blu ray's digital out to my home surround. It is a coaxial cable though so it is basically the red and white of a RCA cable combined. 
would work onkyo subwoofer	Sure should, subwoofer cables are subwoofer cables, just make sure it's long enough. I have my subwoofer off to the side, next to my couch and 15 feet is just long enough.
split cable two 15 feet two seperate rooms	IF u split it u would have to get RCA jack replacement connectors.basically a waste of time&the belkin cables ok?u can buy an "RCA"type splitter for this cable BUT u would need 2 belkin sub cables then ok?thts the best way to do this for running another extra sub cable to another room.
would work ie connect vizio 32 sound bar subwoofer	If I were u I would just get a optical audio cable if your tv and sound is setup for it you'll get a more pure sounds
would cable work bic pl200 acoustech platinum series subwoofer	Yes the PL-200 should have a subwoofer cable input
cable male female end	No
would cable work sony subwoofer model saw2500	It should as long as your amp and sub have RCA type connections
need 15 ft rca audio cables connect cd player receiver assuming purchase two work	It's made for sub woofers.
price pair	yes
speakers 200 watts 180 first picture shows 180 watts speaker pics picture shows 200 watts spe	The speakers are 180 watts
could mount steam shower I building anyone recommend pair	Good question. I mounted mine under a portico and they withstand everything from sub freezing temps to hot and muggy conditions. That much direct moisture may affect them.
terminal connections speaker wire screw push solder	Push BUT you could solder.
size hole needed flush mount	i cut a 5 1/2 inch hole for the speaker to insert.
customers said cut hole bigger size hole required install speaker	I made some home-made speaker boxes for these.. dimensions were 8 in. X 8 in. Width, and a 6 inch depth.
200 watt speakers wouldnt 400 watt peak per pair state 200 watt peak per pair	No matter how many speakers, they can't go over 200 w.
strong grill positioned people put hands weight speakers get boat	Sold boat. Didnt have these long. It was a hard plastic from what i remember. You should be ok.
1 speaker 2	2 comes as a pair
exact width speaker edge edge also measurement 4 mounting screw holes	I don't have the measurements right now but I did have to enlarge the existing hole by about 1/4" and the mounting holes did not line up either. 
difference maxwell dvdrw writable blue white package disces	The ones pictured are DVD+RW, the ones in the blue/white packaging are DVD-RW. The +RW have advantages over the -RWs but depends on the DVD drive you have. 
cable used connect laugh rfac3 audioout laser disc player rfac3 51 processor	Hello, I am not sure as to wether or not that particular connection will work, the size of the male end of the cable is the same as any standard A/V cable (red & white) so if that size fits in your audio out its a cheap option to try out. 
differences cable pure rca audio cable buy 2 cable connect karaoke player amplifier	This is a DIGITAL Optical CO-AXIAL cable with only a single plug on either end. The RCA cable is a 2-headed plug on each end for the white and red connectors for stereo sound input/output on the back of your equipment. 
audio pin cable cable single end recvr sub woofer thx	no its a 15 foot male sub cable . no y on it both ends are male . I ordered a tsunami y adapter here on amazon to use with that for a polk sub. 
record show erase record	yes
disks come case	Yes, each disc has it's own jewel case !
cd's used back computer	Sure they can. Just go to windows7 backup or restore your files section set up back up and start. But before you start to copy make sure you have enough 
fit d3100	ABSOLUTELY. THAT'S WHAT IT IS MADE FOR
also fit d3300 d3200	Hi, thanks question. This lens can work autofocus for D3300 and D3200. Thanks in advance.
camera case included lens &amp lens bag	Mine came in a Nikon box with everything that comes with it new. 
lens work d7100	The D7100 is current version Nikon camera. I would think that it should work just fine.
lens work d3000	Yes
autofocus d3200	AF-S stands for autofocus, I have D5100, which is very similar to yours, and the autofocus works as it suppose to. What it does not have is optical stabilization.
lens compatible d700	Yes, I believe all lenses since the 70s are compatible. The D700 came out after my D300, but I'm sure it works with all the same functionality.
card support sata3 3tb hdd's run sata2 3tb win7 pro 64bit operating system wish add 2 x 3tb hdd pci socket	Sorry, but I believe this card is limited to SATA2, and StarTech has limited it to a 2TB maximum while operating a RAID. 
device configured model support sata iii	This card is for SATA I/II drives only. It will work with newer drives as well, but won't provide a 6 Gbps speed. 
never done raid want future question configuration give double capacity example 1tb 1tb 2tb	Raid zero. Fastest but no redundancy if a drive fails
card used nonraid mode need fast sata pci controller intend use hardware raid	Yes, this card can be used as non-raid. I used this card just to add an extra sata hard drive because my older MB only had two sata ports.
anyone know install run raid storage array still booting separate drive	Yes, that is typically how a RAID controller like this is used. 
combine drives total 4x100 gb 4 gb windows one volume cant use mirroring win7 home device	Yes. Configuring the drives as RAID0 or JBOD will give you combined size of all drives with no redundancy presented to Windows as a single logical drive.
controller support booting drives older 2 port controller boot rom board supports booting drive	I'm not sure know the answer (or fully understand what you're trying to accomplish) but I can't see why not. 
adapter work windows 2000	NO
combine shipping	No, sorry we do not combine shipping. Most of our items are "Free Shipping" and we cannot change the charges once the order has been submitted on Amazon.
3m 2770 projector specifies 82v360w bulb says nothing base gy53 base standard fit projector	I've found that the GY5.3 base is a standard but that makes it doubly important that you match the voltage and the watts because they are not standard. 
3m 1700 overheadwill bulb work	Hi Matthew, You need the ENX bulb it is 82V, 300W
inside door panel overhead projector theres 78801111861 bulb fit prongs difficult 2 match	Gayle, I don't know the answer to your question. I determined what replacement bulb to order from the existing one that had burned out. 
item free shipping combine shipping cost $50 ship lightbulbs	Yes we can do combined shipping depending on what else you are buying. Thanks Sam
best lens group portraits nikon d3100	For the money it's a decent lens. For a little more money you can get a Tamron 17-50 2.8, which I think is a much better lens. Also look at the nikon 35mm 1.8 dx lens.
work nikon f5	Hi, thanks question. This lens can work for Nikon F5. Thanks in advance.
work panasonic gh4 fotodiox pro lens mount adapter also focus zoom rings	Yes
play files put data dvd player play mp3's jpeg's mp4 divx files data dvd	No, not in any directory structure. You can't get too deep. Also, it won't play some movie files (Mpeg4 and some of the newest high compression algorithms) or some play without sound, but for the most part this player is totally awesome
xvid files dvdr anyone know player supports xvid video files burned onto dvdr instead cd's	Yes, it will read the xvid files from both CDs and DVDs
playback wmv files philips dvp 642 dvd player greets allwas wondering anyone luck playing back wmv files saved wmv files unit	ah... have multiple droid devices - ipad, etc - changing extension will not resolve this - it is a codec issue - installing vital player on my other droid devices resolved this issue
onscreen timer anyone else encounted aproblem onscreen timer appears prerecorded dvd's discs dics	Okay guys I got the player yesterday and had the same problem so I did some massive googling for 2 hours and found the solution: Press Display, and then use the Up and Down arrows to scroll through the different display options. 
play hdtv files	It is not designed as an HDTV player, but if you are playing .avi files you should be able to view them as good as your set can be!
unlocked play region 2 dvds	Not that I recall I have some British Adventures of Robin Hood DVD's and they work on it
dvd player loop function need continually play 6 hours day	the remote does have a repeat button on it, but I have never used it.
cannot turn flash	Slide the bar that says "open" on the top, and it will open the flash bar. If your flash doesn't work, check and make sure the battery is fully charged.
condition camera	Excellent. Currently my brother is using the camera. It is working without any problem.
u transfer photos ur computer wa usb port u move ur computer	I still own this camera but seldom use it. The camera I have came with a dock that hooked to my computer. I have never hooked a USB cord directly to the camera. 
camera compatibility printer dock series 3	My docking station is an Easyshare 6000 so I would not know the answer to your question. If you call the seller, he probably would know and he is a super nice guy; his name is John.
everything list coming camera	It certainly did. It was like getting a brand new, everything included camera. I use it almost everyday and I am thoroughly satisfied with it.
bought camera son birthday put memory card says formatted memory card work	I think it takes a regular size SD Card (not mini-sd card). There is an option to format it through the settings on the camera, so may need to do that. 
diameter lens filter attachment	sorry, I do not know the answer to that question
input connector put speaker connector unit looking audio jack input rca	They don't have RCA connectors; all are for bare-wire. Check this out: http://www.nilesaudio.com/images/PDF/SS_manual.pdf
use cable box amppower source run pair remote speakers outside dont amplifer time since room one tks	No. Because the output of the cable box is pre-amp. That is, it is sending a pre-amplified signal only. The SS-4 is a switch box only and does not amplify the signal. 
one zone selected time	Absolutely! You can have one or all four zones selected at one time.
use 4 channels onkyo txnr636 I assuming long protection button active	Hello Rob. Correct, on a 4 channel selector theres no problem, with about 70% of the volume and the protector on ( my suggestion). 
connect speaker line amp selector	It depends on the amp. I have experience only with Onkyo and Yamaha, both of which have a "zone 2", which is what is hooked up to the speakers in another room. In this case you would hook up the 'zone 2 out".
bestbuy sale also says 100w per channel 200w peak power robust audio mean use 150w speaker	Your speaker has the capacity to dissipate 150 watts. 
user manual refers 8 4 ohm impedances set 6 ohm speakers type fall 4 8 configuration	I understand you have to match the impedance so the AMP impedance not the speaker impedance.
amplifier capable one pair 4 ohms load use connect 2 pairs speakers pair 4 ohms load	Yes
would work 8 ohm receiver specifically yamaha rxv650	The question should be what are the impedances of your speakers. According to the Installation Guide "As more pairs of speakers are connected to a receiver the overall system impedance becomes lower. 
wma say plays mp3 audio mean also plays wma	No, not neccesarily. mp3 (.mp3) files are a different format that .wma files, .ram, or .wav files, etc.. mp3 is a different format and not a category that all digital audio files fall under. 
scart connection would like use old projector	No
play avi files	It depends on the encoding of the .avi file, but in general it does play .avi files. Avi files encoded using DivX will definitely work, others are hit or miss.
receiver denon e400 175w per channel worked well speaker selector	Yes it works fine. I used to have a problem to use my multi room cenario. 
get fm without headear phones	Yes! FM comes in terrific and the extendible antenna gives added clarity/reception quality...you do not need headphones/earbuds to listen to AM or FM on this radio; the sound output for both bands is very clear and signal pick-up strength great.
earphone jack radio 35mm today's standard headphone jack 25mm like older phones	3.5mm
even though mono plug set earplugs headphones sound come sides headphone thank	No, it will only drive the left channel. Right channel is dead.
battery lasts	I've had it a month and use it a lot. I changed batteries because I bought some. Not sure I even needed to. Good battery life. Uses 2 AAs, so very economical.
plug	No.
radio adaptable use earbuds	Yes, but it only comes through in mono (one earbud).
static low volume	The amount of static is directly proportional to the signal strength of the station you're tuned to.
stand	yes
radio allow user lock given station ie cannot accidentally changed one listening user's pocket	no
good transcription	Wonderful for those hard-to-hear doctors.
mother brain tumor losing dexterity onoff channel changing easy manipulate	The radio has a circular dial for on and off on the side. My Mom has only minor dexterity issues due to arthritis and has no problems that I know about.
looking usbpowered boostaroo one usb powered option battery	AA batteries only on mine.
could work using earbud cell phone boost cell phone volume mother hard hearing	Absolutely. That's how I'm using it, but be sure to lower the volume on everything first before you try. It can get loud.
would work tv headphone audio fixed cannot changed	1st a question, does the headphone jack in your TV work ? How loud is the volume coming out of the jack ? It needs to be some what loud. It was my experience that the Boostarroo did not amplify the volume very much at all. The Boostaroo was a better splitter than amplifier.. Good Luck, Mike
work garmin zumo 550 unit	Hummm?? This device is an audio amplifier, most commonly used to amplify the audio output of a computer sound card. It uses two AA batteries and has multiple connections for output. That's the best I can do in response to your question.
rms output power	According to data sheet, it's 40mW per channel into 16 ohm headphones, 30mW per channel into 32 ohm headphones
amplify line level audio already headphone	You plug the wire into a audio output. Then there are 4 audio outputs that are amplified.
use portable dvd player	I use this on my Sony DVD Player and it works very well. It increases the volume without changing the clarity
work panasonic portable telephone handset headphone	Any device with a 3.5mm (1/8 th inch) male plug on it will work. But keep in mind these devices are battery hogs. 
lens come tamron's standard six year warranty registered	As others have said, it depends on if it is a 'grey market' lens. I bought mine on Amazon and found out after I received it and tried to register it that it was grey market. 
see says lens full frame cameras mean work dx sensor nikon dlsrs typically d5000	Good Day; I own #2 Tamron lens the Macro 90mmf/2.8 is one of them the other is the 70-300mm f/4-5.6 SP Di with VC. I shoot with a Nikon D7000. The 90mm will work on the D5000 but ck the spec. to see if the AF will work on your camera; it does on mine. 
amazon say lens would work d7000 says would work d7100 accurate see	Not unusual that a this type of thing is in error, happens rather frequently on Amazon and other sites. I don't use Nikon, I use a Pentax K-5 IIs so I'm not that familiar with Nikon. I did check the Tamron site and there is a mount for Nikon so this will fit your camera. 
lens work nikon d3100 wanting photograph insects work	As long as you get the one with the Nikon mount, you are good to go.
switched new version without saying anybody ordered amazon recently confirm whether amazon still selling old version moved new one without changing product page	This is new AF version now.
lens good low light live concerts	Yes, f/2.8 will allow you to shoot well in low light.
amazon tamron offer warranty used purchase	You may be able to buy one, but Tamron won't give you a warranty. Amazon should take it back if defective. Believe you have 30 days, but check. 
fixedprime	Yes, prime means it does not zoom in or out. Fixed means that the aperture stays the same through the entire zoom range. So yes this is a prime and yes it is fixed 2.8. 
difference 90mm 272e 272ee	272EE is trhe Canon fit version of the 272E, 272EN = Nikon 272ES=Sony/Minolta
bought lens seems great noticed aperature stays closed aprox 2mm unpowered disconnected right	Yes. There is a small lever on the camera body end you can use to open the aperture but it's spring operated to fully close without something holding it open. 
aperture control ring manual lens still set aperture oncamera	You can set the aperture on-camera. Sorry no one answered your question. I didn't see it till just now.
come warranty	Yes this is a US market and not grey market. Here is from this add. Hope this helps and it is a great lens. Bob By purchasing Tamron products from an authorized dealer, you can ensure the quality of the product, which will be also covered by Tamron USA's Six-Year Limited Warranty, the only warranty accepted by Tamron USA, Inc. in the USA as of October 1, 2007. 
fyi compatibility chart indicates work canon rebel xsi 450d spoke tamron wrong lens work	Yes
interested lens info says wok eos rebel xsi450d right	Sorry, I don't know as I use a Pentax and it works perfectly. I would go to the Tamron website to verify.
lens seller gray market lens tamron provide warranty amazon seller provide warranty	I don't know the answer, but I'll answer anyway. I bought mine used, from a seller called "anandrav." So I took a chance. The lens arrived in perfect condition. But what I really wanted to say, is that the quality of the images and the general sharpness of the lens has really been eye-opening. 
lens work canon 70d	Yes. The Canon EOS 70D will accept both EF and EF-S mount lenses. The Canon version of this lens is an EF mount. It will work in both automatic focus and manual focus modes.
lens image stabilization	No
use lens canon 50d	Yes. That is a standard EOS mount. This lens is made for full frame, so on an APS-C sensor (as in D50) it will feel ~1.3x longer (~117mm) and you will only be recording the center of the image circle. 
normal make click random intervals focusing manual autofocus used lens	Yes
lens compare sigma 150500mm f563 af apo dg os hsm telephoto zoom lens	Tamron AF 200-500mm f5.0-6.3 is sharper focus at the end of 500mm. This is the most important for bird wildlife photography and lighter. 
may ask difference tamron 9028 macro 90mm 28 sp macro usd	The USD is the Newest verision; the main difference is the VR "Vibration Reduction" which cuts down camera shake. 
zoom fit canon rebel t3 I looking affordable higher mm zoom excited see one	Yes, any lens made for a canon dslr will fit your camera.
lens compatible canonrebel t5i700d thank	Yes. Just make sure you have the one that says "for Canon". It will work on all the crop sensor cameras. It's a great lens, take your time getting used to it - don't expect to pull it out of the box and get great shots immediately. There is a learning curve.
fit canon 5d mark ii	From my understanding it should. Though the newer version which is 150mm - 600mm with vibration compensation Tamron's version of IS might be a better option
lens fit canon eos 30d camera	read your manual for lens mount type and then reread the product description. if they are the same then yes. research is not asking someone for the solution to your problem. .
stated lens internal focusing system one reviewer's photo showed lens extends zoomed lens extends zoom	The lens focuses internally, but the barrel extends for zoom. There is a newer much better version.. 150-600
lens imagestabilized like many newer canon lenses also I assuming fits canon eos 50d model list	Then lens is not image stabilized; I don't own a Canon EOS 50D, so cannot authoritatively address the second question.
compatible canon rebel t1i	the canon mount is compatible with that camera
small ic part overheats small heatsink even could used dissipate heat prevent breakdown	This product is a highly efficient thermal transfer interface material, to be effective, you would need something to transfer the heat to. 
says lens af work afs nikons	I don't know if it does or not. Amazon has a system that tells you if it works with your camera. I'd recommend you check it our or Google to determine if it does. Sorry I can't be more helpful, but maybe others can tell you.
used repair electic radiant heater panel trace	If you mean use the product as a binder, adhesive, or electrically conductive bridge on a heating element, then no can do. The reason is this is silver metal in an epoxy binder and while it will conduct thermal heat, putting current (actual electron flow) through the silver powder will cause almost instant carbonizing of the epoxy binder in the thermal compound. 
set time product makes several listed product description	i let it sit overnight, it was fine
work read defroster grid repair	Not sure, I thought rear defroster grid is made of copper.. Artic silver is 90%+ pure silver..i used it to bond the processor to the head sink unit on my desktop PC.
size hole req'd	These speakers worked out great for me. Really good sound. 5" to 5 1/4" hole is required.
many screw holes see pic replacing speaker 4 holes	4----the speaker cover snaps on so you don't see the mounting screws, I hope you are using these in pairs, these are great speakers I have 2 pair mounted in the ceiling of my game room in my man cave.
come pair	When I ordered them they came as a pair, 2 speakers in one box
compatible canon rebel 3ti camera body	yes this lens will fit a Canon Rebel 3Ti
lens fit d90 nikon digital	Yes
work nikon d5200 teleconvereter attached combination	The Tamron 200-500 tele lens will NOT autofocus with the D5200 it would me manual focus.
work nikon d300	The Info says the Nikon D300 one of the only Nikons that work with Tamron 200mm-500mm Lens. It will have a slow aperture at 500mm. The lens does not have an internal auto focus. But your camera does . So auto autofocus should work.
work d200	Yes, the Tamron 200-500 lens will work with the Nikon D200. It is designed to work on any Nikon autofocus camera, whether it needs an internal focus motor or a screw drive for a camera body autofocus. 
compatible nikon d7000 sports	It is compatible, but lens focuses very slow and would not trust it for sports action.
fx dx type lens anyone know tamron af 200500mm f5063 di ld sp fec lens nikon digital slr fx dx type lens	The Tamron AF 200-500mm f/5.0-6.3 Di LD SP FEC (IF) is an FX type lens. 
w d500 missing obvious	The Tamron 200-500mm lens does not have the autofocus motor built into the lens itself, and therefore cannot autofocus on your D5000. All the small-body Nikons in the D40 family (D40X, D60, D3000, D5000) lack the autofocus motor in the camera body which earlier (and substantially larger) Nikon DSLRs had. T
lens compatible d7100 results	I do not know. I have only used it on my D5100 and I am satisfied with the results. Keep It in mind though, there has to be a reason why a lens like this costs what it does as opposed to one AF-200 to 500 mm that costs over $10,000. Depends on what you are going to use it for. 
lack vibration control major factor shooting without tripod	The short answer is yes, if you want to shoot at lower shutter speeds. Here's why. Vibration control will compensate for camera shake and an unsteady hand. 
work d7000	Yes. It works well with a D7000. It then has an effective focal length of 300-750. I find it works best with autofocus on a full frame body, like a D600 or D800. With a D7000, I manual focus to get it close, then switch to auto. 
linksys wirelessg range expander wre54g work verizon fios standard router curious anyone hooked expander standard verizon fios router gain range home	I need to know this also
wondering [solved]is wireless range expander require connect router first	I have the same situation. Have you had any success finding a solution?
need two get internet metal building 80 yards away home internet connection one range xtender house one metal building	I actually returned this unit. I feel a better option for you might be something like a Netgear Powerline AV+200 adapter. Provided you have same power from the house to the metal building. 
question wre54g work send signal another linksys range expander	Huge problem caused by WRE54G. After the setup, my laptop can "see" the network but cannot get on internet: "Page cannot be found." 
linksys g range extender wre54g work linksys wrt160n	I received the same information from Linksys, namely, that they didn't know if the WRE54G will work with the WRT160N. 
wre54g work routers linksys fex thomson speedtouch 585i wre54g work routers linksys fex thomson speedtouch 585i	Good question. I've just set it up to match the settings of my Netgear WGR514 v9, but can't tell if my laptop is using the Netgear or the Linksys Range Extender.
auxiliary plug	Yes, and many come with a 3.5mm Stereo Male to Dual RCA Male Y-Cable to connect an iPod or mp3 player.
ethernet port model sold amazon ethernet port	Yes, the latest version of the WRE54G sold by Amazon does have the ethernet port for wired setup. Or at least they did as of summer 2008. I do not think the older version is available any longer as a new product.
linksys wre54g work wpa wpa2 anyone know wre54g works wpa encryption technology	YES - I just installed a used WRE54G with 1.0 firmware (no ethernet port) and it had to be configured FIRST with WEP but then allowed WPA (Not WPA2)
model	The one I bought was broken. I sent it back. Sorry I can't help.
dimensions radio	14" X 4&1/4" X 9"
buy replcement remote radio cd player information needed	I think you can,you should be able to find by googling.
bose system flat screen sets sound tv come bose	Hello Karen, Thank you for contacting us about our listing for the Bose Wave - Audio System - Radio / Cd - Graphite Gray. We are not entirely sure what you are inquirling about, but we will try to help you as much as we can. This particular Bose system is technically not designed for for a TV, although it does have RCA inputs (red and white) that you could hook up a DVD player, or your TV if it happens to have an audio out (most TV's do not), if that is what you wish to do. 
year purchased	I bought in in 2012. When it arrived it was broken. The cd player would not work.
would work bose wave radio cd pedestal model awaccp	yes
fit comfortable seat small airplanes	It can fit but not comfortably. It expands depending on the amount you put into it.
alarm system choice wake sounds	it does have an alarm...you can set it to a radio station or the alarm that's built in it...but no choice of different sounds...
handle rotate	no it does not. my wife loves using this laptop case tho!
weight carrying case description claims 91 ounces shipping weight says 83 pounds	I do not know the exact weight but it is NOT 9.1 oz. I can lift it when completely full; not too heavy for me. The wheels are sturdy enough to support my items.
would fit 2 laptops	2 ultra book size laptops. But not regular size.
ride top suitcase	Yes
color lining one picture shows blue another black	mine is black
dimensions fit rj 200 overhead	Dimensions: 18.5 x 9.4 x 16.1 inches. This is a great company and a well made bag. It fit on the CRJ 700, but I have not been on the 200. Hope this was a little helpful.
back strapflap allows hook onto suitcase travelling	Yes it does. this is the section that was reinforced by the addition of rivets. The only disadvantage of in the reinforcement is that it made the opening of the strap/flap is slightly restricted. I have a full-sized Hartman roller, and the handle barely fits. 
model handle 8ohm speakers niles' website states 4ohm speakers used	the higher the ohms the less it will stress out your stereo so if its made for 4 ohms which requires more power i dont see why it should matter unless you were installing lower 2ohms for example will pull more from your amp or stereo might overheat it
picture displayed product match actually received I heard new version good original	I can't speak about a new version as I am not aware of one. 
size width inside laptop pocket new 17 laptop 165 wide many cases fit thanks	I think it will fit. I just measured it at 17". However, please note that with the case being that wide and wide enough to fit your laptop, it is TOO wide to roll it down airplane aisles. 
connect receiver outs plugs	It uses speaker wire from the main zone or Zone 2 outputs. This device does not amplify, it only impedance matches so there are no line level inputs.
model ssvc6 part fg01044	No, this is FG01040.
warranty product	1 year pts/ labor
could run 5 surround sound speakers living room plus 46 speakers throughout house selector receiver	Yes surround speakers through the receiver and the rest through the selecter but your receiver must be a dual zone receiver
works well cranked receiver shut get 6 spkrs 8ohm 2 channel 200watt receiver amplifier larger rec	When you run more than two sets of speakers, you need to change the protection switches for the different speakers.
width model 18inch wide cabinet shelf item	it's about 11 inches wide.
fit 2002 ford ranger	Yes they do
type stereo amplifierreceiver work niles ss6	I attached mine to a Sony Multi Channel AV Receiver (STR-DH750) to turn on/off a variety of room speakers that the house I bought was pre-wired for. I'm very happy with the performance I've had from the unit. It's slim, easy to use and works great for my application. 
im looking bass good tht area	If you're talking about mirror vibrating deep bass, then these will not deliver. They get loud and sound clean with the right amp, but that's in the high and mid frequencies. You need a subwoofer setup to get that deep bass thump!
360w speaker two make 360w	This would be for the pair.
fit factory cut outs 1999 f250	I'm not sure but, I've been reading if a 1999 f250 have 6x8 speakers and most of them say they do but when you take out the speaker. 
connected amplifier	I don't know sorry
pair	Yes this is for a pair and they sound very good.
need speaker harness lincoln town car 97	I replaced my f250 sd speakers and just cut the factory plug off splice into new speakers works great sounds great
front back want replace factory front speakers buzzing &amp back blown bit 2009 mazda 3	Replaced front and back. Mine went into a 2002 Ford F150 pickup.
description seems little strange 2 speakers different size one 6x8 one 5x7 deal	Both speakers are 5x7 but will mount in either a 5x7 or 6x8 hole. I noticed the odd description too. 
replacing 5 x 7 speaker limited speaker box fit frame larger 5x7	I installed these speakers in the front doors of a 2003 miata. It was an exact fit. I believe you can check, if these speakers will fit by entering you vehicle on web cite.
many ohms	4 ohm's
sale 2 speakers see 360 watt item description say pair	The price is for a pair!!
work 200 watt stereo receiver	Yes I have mine hooked up to a Pyle 200w digital receiver and they sound great
need mounting kit 6x8 speakers car need buy speaker adapter 2000 lincoln town car signature	I really doubt it about the speaker mounting kit. And for the speaker adapter if its what i think it is like a plastic cover you can i wish i would have maybe to help the sound.
im confused one pair 5x7 6x8 one 5x7 6x8	one pair of 5x7
fit front back speaker holes 2000 ford focus	Not sure about a focus but they fit great in my explorer
connect four 2000 watt amplifier thanks help	These are very very cheap speakers. The wires are terrible and I don't think they will hold up. Tried to weld these together and they wouldn't take. 
work '02 f150 xl standard cabwould need buy anything extra hook'em hard install	According to Crutchfield, they will fit your truck. As far as buying anything extra, I always like to have gray wire twist ties and some zip ties handy to connect new speakers to old vehicle wire (the speakers come with the connectors and a small amount of wire). 
get two speakers right	Yes, 2 Speakers come in the package with wires and everything you need for install.
shape grills round square	Round
stock speakers distortion high volumes 50wattx4 headunit 20watt rms power distortion high volumes	These worked great for me and I was running a big system with them. They should work great for low or high wattage with very little to no distortion.
5 7s 6 8s come pair speakers single speaker come wiring	These are two speakers that come with a short length of wire and spade lugs to fit on the speakers if I recall correctly. See the other answers regarding the size. 
warranties speakers	I do believe they have a 2 year limited warranty. The paperwork comes with the product.
speakers good bass	Not bad, i was surprised, but if you really want good base i would get an amp and subwoofer setup in addition to door speakers.
boat speakers water resistant	They are not water resistant boat speakers.
amp use	No additional amp, just the 16 watt per channel amp in the stock stereo I bought. The sub-woofer output of the stereo would not work with speakers this small, so if that is your intent, you'll want much bigger speakers.
exact diameter speaker far mounting holes across	FYI I would not purchase these they are junk I ordered 4 of the only 3 worked and the others blew up within 2 days and they were only in a chevy truck all stock CD player
ringer phone overly loud even low want something loud enough wake dead thanks	No
gauge wire used	I used my stock wire. I think 16g or heavier would be okay.
connection need hang wall	I can answer since I have done this. You would need a phone wall bracket, or, if you are "handy", you can use two strategically placed pancake screws vertically on which you hang the phone. 
memory phone dials	Just redail. No memory for storage of numbers.
speakers fit 95 bmw 325i rear speaker replacements	I know for my 97' Toyota Corolla these would be a good replacement for the stock door speakers... I ended up returning these and purchasing the 6.5" speakers since I was attempting to replace the rear speakers and not the ones in the door. 
speaker capability	No there is no speaker capability on this phone. I had to send it back and got the Uniden, loud and clear, model CEZ260. Very happy with it and it is just a few dollars more.
phone caller id	It does not have caller ID. I purchased it strictly for it's clear sound, with no concern for added features.
ringer turn	Yes Barbara, the ringer does turn off. The ringer has three settings; high, low and off.
calls made received electrical outage	Yes. It gets the power from the phone company line, ie no external power adapter. Unless the phone company is down, ie rare, it should continue to work in case of a power outage. I specifically bought it for that purpose as well.
speakers fit front doors 1990 acura legend sedan would need get size 6 12	They should fit. I would even anticipate the mounting holes lining up.
phone call waiting	Sorry no. But it is a good phone. I bought it for my kitchen.
phone store numbers	No, the phone doesn't store numbers. The phone is very basic, I purchased it because the sound quality is excellent.
sony cybershot h300 fit bag	Yes, it does. It just takes a little figuring out.
would bag fit dsc h20	This bag does fit that camera but it is a little loose. You can find it at Best Buy and try it yourself. It's a little too roomy for my preference. There is room in the bag if you have an attached shoulder strap. 
case fit cybershot dsch3 camera	My Cybershot DSC-w310 has plenty of living space in that case. That being said, with the dimensions of the w310 being 95.3 x 55 x 18.7 mm and the H3 being 106 x 69 x 48 mm, your camera should fit right in. 
need kind amp power put vehicle	Negative, these speakers will run fine with any OEM head unit, and fit in factory enclosures and locations.
pyle pl42bl 4inch 180watt twoway speakers come covers	Mine did
speakers come adapter fit factory plugin	Well I bought the 6", but no you'll have to clip the plug end off the wire and get some crimp on terminal end that match the speaker male terminals.
coaxial speakers	Yes. Big speaker, little speaker.
use headset	I don't think so, it's just an inexpensive easy to use phone I got for a family member.
mounting hole required 45 opening speakers fit correctly	I didn't measure the hole size. I have a 2002 Yukon XL and they for perfectly .
would sony cybershot dschx1 fit bag would sony cybershot dschx1 fit bag	I purchased both the DSC-HX1 camera and this bag. Unfortunately the camera does NOT fit in the bag. I had to return it. The bag is much too small. 
4 8 ohms	It says 4 ohms in the description
actual mounting hole size speakers need distance screw hole opposite hole buying car	3-7/32",4-11/64 and 3-3/16 slotted. 6-1/4" center to center holes.
speakers glow background color blue	They do not glow. The blue is just the color of the speaker cone and wouldn't be seen any ways once speaker cover is installed.
mounting hardware got got speakers wires	"Mounting hardware" in laymans terms is "screws & retaining clips" (ie. The little black thingies)
anyone hooked amplifier running mid range	Yes i have hooked them to a 4 channel amplifier 85W RMS ,they sound ok..but cannot take much of bass.so i have kept the gain to a nominal peak,and yes i have kept them on a mid range quality.Hope this helps.
many come buy 3488 set 2	Thank you for contacting Parts Express. We sell this product on Amazon for $32.58. The product is sold as a "pair". Below are some product details for your review: Pyle PL6984BL Blue Label 6"x9" 4-Way Speaker Pair Specifications: * Impedance: 4 ohms * Frequency response: 50-20,000 Hz * Power handling: 200 watts RMS/400 watts max * Sensitivity: 92dB * Mounting depth: 3-5/8" * Sold in pairs. Sincerely, Customer Service Team
color grills come speakers grill fabric	It's a black plastic mesh design
anyone know speakers fit 2001 honda civic coupe	They will fit, just be sure not to break the factory mounts during the replacement process
anyone verified speakers' rating 200w rms	not yet
fit 2002 honda accord sedan	Don't no! I bought a 6.5", I asked car dealer what size speakers are in the door
nominal rms rating speakers thanks	sorry but I did not buy the 6x9 I bought the 6.5 round speakers. This is the one I reviewed Pyle PL63BL 6.5-Inch 360-Watt 3-Way Speakers
one fit 1963 ford galaxie dash without cutting	amazon would tell you if it fits your car just select the speakers and then it would tell you to put your cars model and year
need speakers dash board 2001 blazer buy	Ordering is simple, you should be able to just add the item to your cart and proceed to check out. Are these the ones you're looking for, or are you needing some additional help finding the ones you need for your Blazer?
product noisy many degrees drop	It can be noisy; you can manually set the speed via the speed control knob on the back of the unit. When set at max yes, it is VERY loud. 
style power connector require	This uses a 4pin Molex connector.
thare low profile mount	No
color led lights turn	Leds are blue and No you can't turn them off.
use fan replacement broken fan radeon hd 7850	No
fit inside fractal design core 1000 case	Yes
work motherboard asus m5a78lm lx plus am3 amd 760g micro atx amd motherboard	Yes
wondering would fit mid nineties camry vehicle check says imagine ther pretty standard 6x9 footprint screw holes	You are going to half to cut out space to make it fit but it will go in with some effort good luck
use air conditioner	A/C units draw more Amps than this cable is set up for I wouldn't it could cause it to heat up and cause a fire or burn threw exposing wires causing a shock hazards .
get better results top beneath graphic card close use graphic card r9 290x xfx double put right beneath graphic close leave space	On the bottom seam to work best but really did not see much different in the temp. 
made copper wire	Yes 18 Awg Copper Wire
power input range	It's configured for USA 120v power applications...being 18 AWG limits it to 10 amps...and I wouldn't do that for long or if the cord gets too warm..
air flow direction pci pci slot	Neither, no air is drawn from or pushed outside of the case, this guy just pulls air thought the fans forcing air on a GPU or similar or card. 
card set fit regular pci slot alright put card pciex8 slot fits need regular pci slot	Either should be fine. You can always bend them off. They only give a bit more stability to the fan itself. 
listing says 6 ft cables go website says 03115 one foot	The cable is 6ft long.
rated permanent external use ie permanent exposure elements rain sun dust etc	No
25foot 18 awg cable sufficient run desktop computer monitor projector speakers time	if you can get them all plugged in
accept polarized plug small hot large neutral	Yes, we have our microwave plugged into it currently
work windows xp	I installed it on a computer running XP last year and it's been running every day with no problems.
white	Sorry but we don't stock this item in white. Thank you for shopping with us.
increase internet speed	This card will help you better use the speed of your local network...assuming your network supports 100 or 1000Mbps. Your Internet speed is set by your Internet Service Provider.
work wifi adapter also work vista	No, this is not a wi-fi card; it's just an ethernet card. As long as your PC has an open PCI slot, the OS you're running shouldn't matter. To be sure, ask the seller.
work alongside builtin port motherboard	I not sure, it has been installed and works just fine.
get drivers windows 7 ultimate dosent recognize	Frank, I am surprised your W7 Ult. did not recognise the card. I just had to install it in to the PCIE slot on the motherboard and after rebooting the system just installed the driver. 
transferring use surf online play games online	Hi Frank! The network card is a full function one (I never have sen one with restricted use as you mentioned). 
power cord reach bottom outlet use extend power cord sharp 70 q safely	Yes
could extend 1000 watt block heater cord 3 foot cord hang front grill	If the heater is rated at 1000 watts at 120 volts then the current will range from 7.7 amperes to 8.7 amperes for a wall outlet voltage ranging from 110 volts to 125 volts. The maximum current carrying capacity of the extension cable is 10 amps. 
good day compatible unix operating system drivers configuration process thank	No I don't you would probably have to manually configure with a PNP Configuration Manager
use air conditioner	A/C units draw more Amps than this cable is set up for I wouldn't it could cause it to heat up and cause a fire or burn threw exposing wires causing a shock hazards .
power input range	It's configured for USA 120v power applications...being 18 AWG limits it to 10 amps...and I wouldn't do that for long or if the cord gets too warm..
made copper wire	Yes 18 Awg Copper Wire
rated permanent external use ie permanent exposure elements rain sun dust etc	No
control driver disk included	Yes, but Windows 7 recognized it immediately so there was no need to install
come low profile face plate sff computers	Nope, sorry it doesnt, and although you can modify it yourself to fit, I dont think thats what you would want to do.
25foot 18 awg cable sufficient run desktop computer monitor projector speakers time	if you can get them all plugged in
card work dell inspirion 530s dell asking low profile card	No this is a full size card. You need one that has the shorter metal piece that is seen from the outter side of the computer. Hope this helps.
power cord reach bottom outlet use extend power cord sharp 70 q safely	Yes
white	Sorry but we don't stock this item in white. Thank you for shopping with us.
split optical hdtv could use wireless headphones course would need bluetooth adapter would work	Sadly not. This device simply does not work. I've been through two.
monoprice 100966 digital optical toslink splitter adapter work	for the most part you are right! There is a 50 50 chance of it working right for you.
optical cables coming xbox1 apple tv spitter &amp work connect splitter sound bar plz advise	I sent mine back... It did not work either.
trying get sound hd comcast cable box &amp dvd player send sound bar want	If the cable box and DVD player have Optical Audio outputs, then yes you can. I have 2 game consoles with that output that connect with this splitter and then run to the soundbar. You need to make sure that both devices aren't sending a signal at the same time though. 
accept polarized plug small hot large neutral	Yes, we have our microwave plugged into it currently
listing says 6 ft cables go website says 03115 one foot	The cable is 6ft long.
work optical tv two different optical soundbars	I'm not 100% certain, but, based on my experience, my best guess is no. This splitter did not work when I attempted the same circuit your planning. 
work hdtv 1 end sound bar end av receiver listen different times	I do not think so. I suggest getting a powered device.
want connect xbox 360 xbox one amplifier one optical input work	It should, I used mine to connect an Xbox One and a PS4. However, the unit worked for only about a month then stopped...you might want to look for a better product.
input audio signal via rca output via optical output sound system	Yes this converts up to 3 Analog/digital Signals to 1 Analog/Digital source. I used this for a Bose Cinemate Sounbar since the aux would override the default Optical in. 
device category manufacturer select logitech harmony software connect harmony remote	Select "Audio/Video Switch" and then "Impact Acoustics 3-PLAY". Works great on mine!
anyone annoying autoswitching back first set inputs diff manufacturer problem awfullooking upgrade	I have not had that problem with mine but then again I don't use it all that often so I hope someone will give you a more definite answer.
compatible bose cinimate gs series 2	Yes it is . That's what I purchased it for also?
many people claim poor product reccomend one work	I tried multiple splitters and unfortunately none of them worked. I ended up getting a tv that had more than one HDMI inputs and used one optical output to my sound bar.
could stack two end 3 threeway switch plug output one one inputs end 3 total inputs	You can. But you have a 50 50 chance of this product working correctly as is. So if you do that then it probably won't work at all! This product is not good!
switch automatically switch input one would allow use remote often	To best answer your question, this is not a auto switch..if you have your STB (set top box) output cable plug into the switch number (1) input, you don't need the remote, the number (1) input is active when you turn on your switch, hope this help.
go easily 2000 dodge durango	These went into Chevy Cobalt into the side doors. I would guess that it would fit a Durango. I always tell everyone to consult their manual or just goggle the info. 
fit 04 mitsubishi outlander	You should have 6.5" stock speakers in their now so yes, it does not mean they are going to necessarily slide right in to replace the old ones but it should be close, depends on the bolt pattern of your old speakers
speaker sound better pioneer tsa1675r high volume	I normally don't like pioneer and haven't used them for years, so I really can't answer your question. 
come crossover filter inbuilt intend build cheap portable pa system	No, it's a speaker, a speaker cover, and wires. The speaker is three range. 360 watts
use replace rear speakers hyundai accent	I used them to replace the rear speakers in my 97' Toyota Corolla and they work great...
fit 09' corolla 18	Yes for your door speaker.. But ur going to need a 6x9 for ur rear speakers
higher end speakers like lower watts better sound	Speakers have a range for their frequency coverage, once the range of the speaker begins to degrade the sound, it is handed off to the next component part of the speaker. The lower frequency range is the larger speaker with the largest voicecoil, the others are attached to the frame, midrange and tweeter components. The hand off is done with a capacitor or a coil, this is done to allow the crossover point to allow minimal degredation in the quality of the sound. 
fit 04 suzuki verona front rear need order harness exact fit	Unfortunately I am not familiar with that viehcle, thus I am unable to tell you if these speakers will fit exact. 
use splitter two audio sounds pushed merged together form one output	No this splitter wont work that way.
used hp envy charger	Yes, I bought it for my HP Envy laptop.
used rear speakers	Yes
fit delta tadp32fb bc adapter dell 968w printer	Dear Patricia, this is a 3 hole connector. Is your printer a 3 hole or 2 hole port? If it is a 3 hole port, most probably, it will be able to connect to your printer. I bought this for my all-in-one pc.
95 nissan pickup ext cab went measured 4 65 fr app guide says fit gives deep	They said that the speakers would fit my 97 escort but they did not. I had factory 6.5 and ordered these to replace. They were closer to 7 inches than 6.5 I had to use the template to bore new mounting holes. 
please tell ls15 like ones got recalled hp I looking replace one	It looks like the same connector, but I had a Dell laptop, so I'm not sure if they're exactly the same.
fit dell inspirion adaptor	Yes
use 32 lg flat screen tv	It depends on what the female end (the side that plugs into the TV) of the TV's power plug looks like. If the plug connector on the tv looks like the Mickey Mouse Ears then yes, this cable will work fine. 
work delta electronics pa5m10 acda adapter power cord broke longwell ls18 7a 125v	better dont buy it.I have bought a month back it stopped working already.It was meant for my dell charger.
use lenovo	As far as the adapter you want to use it for has a spot where you can plug a mickey mouse plug in (looks like a Mickey Mouse Head with two ears) it will work.
work lg tv	My model is a 42LN5400. I would assume that all LG power connections would be the same but I do not know.
fir canon rebel t3i	Greg, not sure about the Rebel but it did fit the old 10D just fine. If your lenses will fit a 10D then I would guess it would work. Good luck.
anyone faced issues loose connector charger side fails consistent electrical contact burning smell sparks	I haven't but it sounds like maybe the female connector(part that plugs into your power supply) may be too open(causing a poor contact with the male part(pin) in your power supply. 
need power cord lg lb6300 tv mickey mouse configuration voltage marked 240 work alright	I have a LG 42" LN5300 and this cord works perfectly. My range says 100-240. Its shorter than I like. But the length is as stated.
work cannon t3i	yes
work nikon camera	No, the model 93419 only works with Canon cameras. For a Nikon, you would need the model 93402 T-Ring, also carried by Amazon.
must adapter celestron 93625 tadapter connect celestron ultimate 80 spotting scope thanks	http://www.celestron.com/browse-shop/astronomy/astroimaging-accessories/t-rings-and-adapters/t-ring-for-canon-eos-camera you need ITEM # 93419 from celestron
attach 125 inch tadapter right	Yes
compatible canon eos rebel t5 efs 1855mm link httpamznto1cncdl8	Yes, It should fit on the Canon Rebel body in place of the 18-55 lenses. Then your camera can screw onto some kind of adapter with T-Thread which attaches to your telescope. Some eyepieces have T-Thread too.
work canon eos 40d	As long as you Canon fits any of the interchangeable Canon lenses, the T-Ring will work. 
fit canon rebel xti	Hello, First let me say it works well on my Canon Rebel EOS T3 camera. And this copied from Celestron's website: (This T-ring fits EOS model cameras only. It will not work with other Canon camera bodies.) 
material made metal plastic	I think it is aluminum.
mount lens freely rotate mounted adapter making impossible achieve focus without lens rotate	I'm not understanding the question, perhaps. The adapter locks to the body of the camera and screws onto the eyepiece threads. 
adapter work nikon d5200	Mine does--t should work for You too
bought celestron spotting scope camera's auto focus metering work tring	It does auot meter, but it will not auto focus. Focus is done is done with the telescope.
polaroid 900mm telephotois nikon d60	Yes if the lens is a standard t mount screw this will work with the d60. Be aware that it will be full manual.
would work nikon d70	Hi, I have a NIkon 3100 and it workd great , some people at star parties had use mi ring in other nikkon models , it should work in your nikkon.
anyone know fits l810	Coolpix L810? No, this only fits removable lens cameras that use Nikon's 'F' bayonet mount (Wikipedia has a good article on the f-mount). That's mostly going to be SLRs and DSLRs, predominately Nikons.
work nikon d3100 digital slr camera	Yes
celestron tring works nikon d810 ff	The 93402 will work on ALL F mount Nikon's... including your D810 FX
nikon d3200 celestron 31045 130 eq telescope bought tring tadapter camera fits doesnt focus	You have to focus using the telescope. From the time you mount it the camera can only adjust ISO, the rest is fully manual.
work nikon d3200 else would need take pictures celestron astromaster 114eq telescope	I just did a quick Google search, which says your D3200 uses the same F-mount as my D50 and D100. Your Celestron Astromaster uses the same 1.25" eyepieces as mine. So, you need the same parts I did. You only need 2 things. The Celestron 93402 goes on your camera in place of the lens.
work nikon d5200	Yes it will work with a D5200
work wireless keyboard mouse	Yes I'm using it with my Logitech wireless keyboard and mouse
one computer runnnig windows xp windows 7 problems	The version of the operating systems running on each computer should not matter. One of mine is running Win7 and the other is running XP and they both work fine.
120v240v switching power adaptor hi purchased set amazon usa check ac adaptor included auto switching ie supports 120v 240v	Did you get an answer ?
work panosonic tc50e60 tv	I believe they will work with any TV. It is just that Plasma TVs create more interference. Since yours is an LCD, you should be fine.
replacement model currently available	Yes, any pair of headphones with a cord that reaches you. This Panasonic model and wireless headphones don't play nice. And this model was a big waste of money. Good headphones with a long cord costs $50.
phone jack put headset	No jack.
help static worse anyone ideas happening open anything	I know that if you have a plasma tv it will interefere with the sound and create static. I have one, but the static is minimal. Make sure there are no obstuctions in the way and you have a clear line of sight for the infrared sensor to stream a good signal. 
several pictures different products picture actually product	Great question, which I failed to ask. What I received when I ordered this unit was the green unit pictured here. The other photos of the darker unit were not this product.
anyone give actual dimensions phone amazon says one dimension 10 cant imagine phone big want small one store shelf use power goes use cordless phones	8" x 6" using my meter, never 10"
6 months display part going bad connect directly desktop display fine warranty	If it's actually the cable that's going bad (or has gone bad), you'll most likely need to talk to somebody at Cables Unlimited. 
headset jack	I bought a set as was suggested, but did not worked in the system that needed to operated...Unfortunately I had to buy another model and I lost the money...
phone analog digital	There's nothing on this phone to be analog or digital except maybe the ringtone. No answering machine, no speaker phone, just a simple plug in to the phone outlet and you're done.
phone work without electricity	Yes it works like the old desk phones of years ago without electrical power from the house 120v wiring. I bought it for a backup phone in case of power outages.
phone 25mm adapter headset	No - it does not have any headset compatibility.
caller id	No. It does not have caller ID. It is just a plain old corded phone. It's great to be able to slam down the hand piece to hang up on someone, for those annoying calls!! You can't do that with an iPhone!
use head set	Yes. I use one that plugs into the handsfree handset. One of the reason I purchased it.
phone mute button	It has a volume adjustment
spray matte finish	Yes, It is a matte finish. You will have no luster or brightness after it dries.
fixative work charcoal	yes.
working paper would like keep colors unchanged time spray work paper	Yes, but do not use much. You don't want to saturate the paper with the spray. If the paper is thicker you can use a little more, but still don't want to go crazy with it. Follow the directions well and don't spray up close to paper either, can pool in areas and leave dark spots if you spray to close. 
need spray pages research lab book filled pencil product work cause pages stick	It will definitely work. Just allow a few minutes for it to dry. Once it dries, your good to go!
stiff make paper 90lb inkjet paper would like stiffen playing cards good choice	I suggest using a decent quality card stock (available at walmart, kmart, craft stores in both stationery and craft sections) and laminating it 
bought product drawings terrible smell long wait get rid	By now you already know... the smell is gone. Been using the study since it was invented... and I'm still alive! It works.
keep gel pens smearing	I can't answer that specific question, but I know that I made a piece of "artwork" with ink and I believe gel pens. I sprayed it with the Krylon, and up to the time I mailed it, everything was in good shape without smearing. 
good spray pictures framing stick	I usually use a higher quality spray or brush on sealer, depending on the predominant art medium I have used on the piece. I have often used the krylon as a final coat before framing with great success. 
spray odor free scent strong long take go away	No, it is NOT odor free. It smells like paint - or a craft store. It drys fast - does the trick for my photos so they don't stick to the glass. 
use customize fashion plastic dolls	no in plastic, i use KRYLON in all my art work in black ink on paper
phone attached directly wall plate surface mount jack replacing old phone	yes
cable box behind tv wanted know device would solve problem	This product will do what you want. You will attach one of the transmitters (the red-tipped things) to the cable box in front of the infrared receiver in the box. You will place the receiver anywhere that you have line of sight to the receiver, possible at the bottom of your TV.
work xbox one controller	No
place sensor I sure place sensor	Hello M. Waiter: The sensor does not need direct line of site and can be mounted on the back of the TV and still "see" the remote commands. It has a velcro kit and a plastic clamp and screw for mounting the Eye in a door slot, toe-kick or behind a cabinet, speaker grill or even a wall plate. 
hot link pro assistance customer service conspiriacy I sure place sensor	I'd like to add to this post by letting you all know about our new FAQ-we just posted it-very exciting stuff! please check it out :) it's on hot-link.com -just roll over the "support" tab near the top.
work vizio 42 hd flatscreen tv put dvr box closet tv wallmounted sleek	Yes, it should work great! There are no incompatibilities with Vizio to date, and we don't expect any. Call 800 999 8846 to talk to a Microsmith tech.
panasonic tcp58vt25 58inch plasma 3d tv compatibility unit tested tv yet	Hello Costnzo: While it has not been tested with this TV, it should work the TV itself. The 3D glasses are often driven from an IR source that may produce Ir pulses as well. 
ran rg6 const case hdmi repeater work attach undedicated rg6 wo parts buy work	I'm not 100% sure if mine is rated RG6 but I was successful in attaching my eye to a standard in-wall Coax Cable. 
repeat signal bose lifestyle 28 idea wrong	Hello Tom & Jerry, Wondering if the eye on the Bose system has been correctly identified. I've spoken to a few people with Lifestyle systems, that had difficulty finding the eye on their unit, and they found the eye on the underside of the front display area of the Bose system. 
work xfinity x1 remote boxesrng150n	Not sure about the rng150n but this thing has worked with everything I threw at it, including the new Xfinity X1 DVR. 
anyone know work pace cable box dc550dr model monoprice brand units would work discontinued rca ir extenders	this is an IR extender device. Any IR signal that goes into it on one and will be replicated on the other. 
many devices control	All it does is redirect the IR signal from a remote to rf into the other x10 which converts it back to IR. It should operate with as many as it can keep in line of sight. I have mine right next to my receiver and have no problems controlling my DVD player or cable box above it. It should control anything.
dimensions	As I recall, it is about 4 inches tall and each side of the base (around the bottom) is about 3 inches.
item also bring picture receiver dvr living room bedroom go one wall	No. It is a remote extender only. Note I returned the item twice, neither worked.
range unit would like find one position garage operate reciever bedroom 75' away	75' is a real push but I had a much older unit work at close to 100' with the RF, the problem the newer units have are usually with the IR signal alingment
work samsung htd550 51 &amp sharp aquios lc60le650 60 &amp xfinity cable box	The remotes and sensors in all these devices are infrared. All the Hot Link Pro does is receive the signal from the remote and sends it on to the IR LED in the little transmitter you attach to each device. 
mgh dose powermid run	I don't understand the question. What is 'mgh.'? The receiver and transmitter plug in to 110 volt outlets. The frequency of your remote is duplicated by the transmitter and sent to the receiver which then sends that same frequency signal line of sight to the unit being controlled. 
would like buy transmitters receiver since already two	I bought another receiver on Amazon
rear 51 speakers anyone know speakers work rear channel 51 system	You need to have a receiver that offers line level out for each channel in addition to speaker out. Newer receivers have this feature, otherwise you need a step down transformer that converts speaker level to line level.
couple stereo	A 1/8" stereo jack on your audio source will allow you to connect any audio source to the wireless transmitter. Connection to the LINE output of the audio device is preferred rather than the variable output of the earphone jack. If you do not have a user manual, log on to the following website: www.acousticresearch.com/speakers. 
speakers work sharp aquos full hd tv husband hard hearing wants speaker	Yes, assuming the TV has "audio out" red and white jacks so the wireless transmitter can be plugged into those. 
help bedroom dish remote change channel receiver located living room	It will change the channels anywhere you set it up in your house. One pyramid receives the signal and sends it to the other pyramid then it sends the signal to your dish receiver.
additional speakers add additional speakers set work two come	i have used up to 5 of these speakers using the same transmitter without a problem. So your answer is yes you can add additonal speakers.
would speakers work siriusxm sd2 dock	Yes
speaker dimensions someone purchased speakers tell dimensions	Height 10.0 inches Width 6.0 inches Depth 7.8 inches
work party people transmitter speaker still work	Yes, people don't block the signal. However, concrete walls can impede it somewhat. I had my transmitter inside the house (concrete house) and the speakers were outside on the patio. They worked ok, but a little static in the bass. Number of people on the patio had no effect. 
mount speakers	I did not buy my speakers from Amazon or through Amazon but I set mine on some small tables just to one side of my chairs. I don't see a way to mount them on the wall.
speaker independent volume control	Yes, separate volume control on each
work directv h25 converters	We are using them on comcast but all they do is convert an IR signal to RF. The box is irreverent. It should work with anything IR(infrared)
samsung camera would like attach dash video drive would help would	If you have a "point & shoot" camera or a smaller camcorder type - yes this will work very well if attaching to the windshield glass or side window glass or even very clean and smooth paint. Clean and smooth is the trick. 
used small camera camera much 2 inches wide vivitar 785hd	My camera was that small too. I wouldn't use this product with that. If you are going to put it on the windshield it just puts the camera too close to windshield to position the camera.
purchased one top wind speed subjected stayed 35 mph go faster	I have no idea. I've only used it inside a moving vehicle. It seems to make a fairly strong connection so go for it.
able unscrew main knob base filp arm 180 degrees faces direction	yes, it is quite flexible. It has limitations on the angle of the windshield. My Corvette windshield is loped so severely that you cannot line the stand so that the stand will support the camera a looking straight ahead. My camera is a Sony Cyber Shot and the lens telescopes out. 
transmitter two speakers	According to "What's In The Box...." the answer is yes.
include adapter contour cameras use contour mount thanks	The contour has a standard camera screw hole and the panavise has the male end. I just screw mine together and mount it as any other camera.
use cannon t4i	I don't have a Cannon t4i ...the only thing I can tell you is...If the camera has the threaded hole it should work.
suction pad rest mount metal construction plastic components	Everything is metal except for the knobs and it works pretty good
sony handicam hdrcx220 compatible weight wise	I checked the specs on you camera. I would almost guarantee it would it's very strong.
work panasonic hcv700 camcorder need stick vertical glass outside hockey rink tripod receptacle 55mm smaller	It uses the standard 1/4-20 screw found on 99.99% of tripod mounts, if your camcorder can mount on a regular tripod, it should be able to use this.
could used nonventilated ski motorcycle helmet	used for a road motorcycle helmet... possible, they have a flat disc you can get to give it a better securement, dirt bike... not a chance
come power cord windshield mount	yes.
need maintain work beltronics vector 955	If you are talking about service because it isn't working properly then call Beltronics. They have a very reasonably priced repair service.
show 2 beltronics v955 different prices	This is the V995, not the V955.
vihicle head display special windshield reduce radar detectors performance	Most speed sensing devices in use by various law enforcement agencies require the source signal to be reflected back to the signal generating device so that it can calculate the relative speed of target object. There are other speed sensing devices that will utilize two reference points and will measure the relative speed of an object by how long it takes the target object to pass by the two reference points. As far as affecting the performance of your radar detector by the physical construction of your vehicles windshield, it depends if the elements in your windshield might delay or reduce the incoming signal of the speed measuring device used by speed enforcement personnel.
detect ku	We've only seen KA, X and Laser. Upon further research, Ku band is not typically used for radar. It is allocated for satellite in the US. It is used in Europe for traffic radar. Ku will eventually be used here.
many reviews wrong product	I think it has to do with the fact that there is a drop down box for FOUR separate products on one page....
18 laptop fit bag one looks nice wondering fit something larger 17	17" bags are decently hard to come by, I don't even want to think about 18.4". :P I have an 17" HP DV7t its dimensions are 15.59 (W) x 11.22" (D) x 1.31 (min H)/1.66(max H) It is a VERY big bag.
backpack count personal item flying delta would large computer area padded way around including bottom	The laptop area does have padding all around. I frequently ridden the bus with my laptop in it and no problems. I have flown on Southwest and American with the bag and have had no problems as it does fit under the seet and in the overhead with few problems but have never flown dela with it.
bag zippered pocket targus logo front bag pictures consistent even targus website	yes, there is a zipper on the front of the bag
asus rog 173'' g750jsts71 fit case	Yes it will.
many reviews say bel honor 1 year warrenty amazon authorized dealer bel honored anyone's warrenty	Yes, with a copy of my original purchase receipt. Gladly took mine and sent out a new one 8 months after purchase.
miami messenger side water bottle pocket hold 18oz stainless steel bottle bigger &amp heavier regular plastic water bottle	I have honestly never used the bottle pocket on mine. It's of sturdy mesh construction and about 6 1/2 inches deep and probably about 6 inches across when laid flat so it should hold a large bottle without a problem. I'm in the middle of moving so all my large metal water bottles are packed away in boxes. I had a 26oz canister of salt on hand that fit with room to spare and very little sagging on the bag. Hopefully this helps.
product details says product dimensions 17 x 3 x 14 inches product description says dimensions 19 x 5 x 14 inches	Product Dimensions: 17 x 3 x 14 inches
miami messenger bag carry lap top ipad	Yes! I'm able to carry a 17" laptop, a 15.6" laptop, several files, a paper notebook and other small office items without a problem.
miami messenger case put dell venue pro 11 table laptop sleeve room couple text books doxie go scanner	yes
targus citygear chicago backpack good high schoolcollege students	Yes. It's huge, comfortable, durable, and has tons of useful pockets and spots to store things. And the laptop slot is great! Highly recommended!!
true plastic case gets interference powerlines	Negative.. I work at electricity plant and if that was the case it'd never work.
speaker jack	Yes, It does
connect electricity extension normal plug impossible	as in an electrical HOUSE outlet??? cant be done, but you can get a power supply to convert 120v to 12v (adjustable 10-16v) if thats what you want to do and make this a base type unit....have to check FCC rules too, to see if you can make this a base unit.
noise level noise level	I bought this radio because it was small and would fit in a compartment in my dash with a no holes installation. I was skeptical because it did not have an ANL button. I was actually surprised the noise level wasn't bad and I could squelch out the little noise there was. You can't beat the bang for the buc.
sorry dumb question need antenna cb recommended longer distance	Last answer is wrong your CB needs an antenna to operate. Do not hook it up to power and push the mic button without an antenna!!!!! 
plug back cb plug cb attenna	Yes
hello works us outside venezuela example	No you would need a cb much more powerful with range and a strong sourced antenna
allow change channels bedroom line box living room directv h25 box	If your bedroom isn't too far away. I don't the range of this model.
many reviews wrong product	I think it has to do with the fact that there is a drop down box for FOUR separate products on one page....
abrams siren speaker already installed car actual siren speaker could hook use pa system	Should work as long as the cb has a pa switch on it
backpack count personal item flying delta would large computer area padded way around including bottom	The laptop area does have padding all around. I frequently ridden the bus with my laptop in it and no problems. 
18 laptop fit bag one looks nice wondering fit something larger 17	17" bags are decently hard to come by, I don't even want to think about 18.4". :P I have an 17" HP DV7t its dimensions are 15.59 (W) x 11.22" (D) x 1.31 (min H)/1.66(max H) 
bag zippered pocket targus logo front bag pictures consistent even targus website	yes, there is a zipper on the front of the bag
asus rog 173'' g750jsts71 fit case	Yes it will.
miami messenger case put dell venue pro 11 table laptop sleeve room couple text books doxie go scanner	yes
targus citygear chicago backpack good high schoolcollege students	Yes. It's huge, comfortable, durable, and has tons of useful pockets and spots to store things. And the laptop slot is great! Highly recommended!!
range replacement knobs fit tappan electric stove	It fit my Tappan stove.
miami messenger bag carry lap top ipad	Yes! I'm able to carry a 17" laptop, a 15.6" laptop, several files, a paper notebook and other small office items without a problem.
dear sir many kilo metres	The bushings that you see are made to fit many different size shafts, but I am not sure how many millimeters. If I remember they will fit four different sizes.
hold button stay press one time	They did not work on my stove,
different colored round things show go underneath knobs thanks	They are to make the knobs fit,but the knobs kept falling off even with those.
replacement knobs hotpoint stove	I am so sorry but at this time i do not. towertree*58
product details says product dimensions 17 x 3 x 14 inches product description says dimensions 19 x 5 x 14 inches	Product Dimensions: 17 x 3 x 14 inches
miami messenger side water bottle pocket hold 18oz stainless steel bottle bigger &amp heavier regular plastic water bottle	I have honestly never used the bottle pocket on mine. It's of sturdy mesh construction and about 6 1/2 inches deep and probably about 6 inches across when laid flat so it should hold a large bottle without a problem. 
replace 7008544 part jennair knob	If your buttons need to be pushed down to turn these might not work. We have a kenmore. And they did not work for to that reason
knobs fit kenmore36275275692	I think they will fit any electric stove.it comes with various size fittings for the stem.
many reviews wrong product	I think it has to do with the fact that there is a drop down box for FOUR separate products on one page....
fit thermador oem bosch older cooktop	Hi if your old knobs pull off, then yes these should fit. It comes with different size know adaptors
backpack count personal item flying delta would large computer area padded way around including bottom	The laptop area does have padding all around. I frequently ridden the bus with my laptop in it and no problems. 
bag zippered pocket targus logo front bag pictures consistent even targus website	yes, there is a zipper on the front of the bag
asus rog 173'' g750jsts71 fit case	Yes it will.
miami messenger case put dell venue pro 11 table laptop sleeve room couple text books doxie go scanner	yes
knob oriented off* 9 clock rather 12 clock position	i couldn't use these knobs at all and actually broke one trying to install. they look like they fit, but when you press down to turn, it only works the first time. what a waste of money. i should have return them but
miami messenger bag carry lap top ipad	Yes! I'm able to carry a 17" laptop, a 15.6" laptop, several files, a paper notebook and other small office items without a problem.
fit older ge stove original ge stove knob requires push turn	Don't know for sure but they come with adapters that I used.
targus citygear chicago backpack good high schoolcollege students	Yes. It's huge, comfortable, durable, and has tons of useful pockets and spots to store things. And the laptop slot is great! Highly recommended!!
mic input recording purposes soundboard	Yes. There are 2 XLR mic inputs on it.
camera work well low light	Yes. This camera works great in low light.
product details says product dimensions 17 x 3 x 14 inches product description says dimensions 19 x 5 x 14 inches	Product Dimensions: 17 x 3 x 14 inches
comes camera	This camera is now obsolete, so if you want to buy it, check Ebay. I sold mine last year. Sorry.
type boom mic get camera	yes
camera come example stand mic etc	Nothing, just Camara and it is sucks, so I return it, I haven't got refund or Camara back. They are not good dealer to trust. I loss both my money and Camara.
use wireless mic dvx100a	you need a three prong audio input adapter to 3.5mm or what ever your input is on wireless receiver and the input on dvx100 is three prong audio input.
camera compatible smooth slow motion	Hi Brandon, Yes you can get slow motion out of this camera. First is to start with shooting in 24P (Frames Per Second) and to edit in post. Here is a link t o a article that explains it: http://www.studiodaily.com/2005/01/get-film-style-slow-motion-effects-with-the-panasonic-dvx100a/
camera memory card slot	No. It still uses digital tape mini DV).
record high definition	This is a standard definition camera.
compare pp444 model one better	Honestly, spend an extra $35 and buy a TCC TC-750LC BLACK Professional Moving Magnet Preamp. I bought the PP999 and it was pretty crappy. The TCC is way better.
could attach record player run lepai lp2020a tripath ta2020 audio amplifier receiver	Yes
refurbished camera still one year limited warrnty new one	No
come ground wire	No it does not come with the ground wire, Just the unit and the power adapter.
connect computer wires need	though i have never connected this to any computer i would guess you can. you would need a 3.5 mm headphone jack on one end and a RCA double head on the other end.
mp3	Don't understand what you need? This pre amp is for phono turntables. Not digital components. Want real sound and see what your missing? Buy a turntable and drop the MP 3. You will rediscover your music.
use guitar	Yes
record player without preamp help hooking sonos	You can hook it up to anything with a red and white connection. Or if you get the rca to 3.5mm jack then you can hook it up to anything with an input slot. I used this on my realistic lab 440 which doesn't have a preamp.
stupid question plug rca wires coming turntable amp plug speaker wires amp	[TurnTable]==&gt;[PreAmp]==&gt;[Receiver/Amplifier]==&gt;[Speakers] The 'Pyle PP999' is the "Preamp". The Turntable is plugged into the PP999 INPUT and the PP999 OUTPUT plugs directly into any (non Phono) INPUT on the receiver. Your Receiver allows you to switch between different music-sources, contains the primary-amplifier and distributes the final sound out to the speakers(and subwoofer). 
bought dennon stereo receiver daul record player jacked multi media slot pre amp trick	You can tell if your receiver does not have a pre-amp built into it because you will have turn the volume knob way up to get a little sound out.The pyle pro pre-amp will solve this situation. 
probably know better ask anyone know product made would like one made china thanks	I am changing my original response. I climbed up a ladder to check it out and discovered it was made in china
ball adjustable higher ceilings	Yes it is. I have one of mine adjusted and placed so it is an indicator for my wife to know how far to pull her SUV into the garage. When she touches the end of the cord, she stops.
used outside	No
assume ground wire input since one image figured I I would double check make sure suits needs	There is no ground wire connection but I just unscrewed one of the cover screws to connect the ground screw, hum problem gone.
blew fuse unit red light isnt longer getting power change reset fuse	I believe that there is a reset button on the reel itself. I'm not certain if the unit is serviceable beyond that.
notice light continuously plugged	If you're referring to the red indicator light on the receptacle end, yes it stays on while plugged in to indicate that power is available when you plug something into the outlets.
could use cut grass electric mower cord yard yes would carry hook	it perfect , u control it
suitable run shop vac electric drill portable fans etc around house garage extended period time	Yes, it's got a 16/3 grounded cord so as long as you don't over load it, it should work just like any other extension cord except it auto-winds back into itself OK?? 
save pictures	I save my pictures on several Memorex 80 minute CD-RW 12x High Speed CDs. The CDs I use for my pictures, I store ONLY pictures ... a personal choice. Windows 7 then has a special box that pops up when I put the CD in the CD player. The title of the box is at the top and reads DVD RW Drive (E:) Pictures. 
csa ul culus listed stamped underwriters laboratory safety marks etc thanks	it is UL stickered.
possible mount wall instead ceiling	Yes. Very easy to mount to wall or ceiling.
good recording digital recorder	I am not sure as I have simply been using them for primarily mp3s and pictures. I would say it depends upon the file type your recorder saves as. If you are able to transfer these files to your computer, saving them to disc will help w storage. I'd say play back is another issue that again depends not only upon file format but also the kind of device play the file(s) back. 
work home burner	I think they would I have not try a home burner but it if like a cd burner they your have no problem.
cdrw good burning music files onto also rewriting formatting reburning needed best car cd players correct	Yes, that's exactly what I use them for... BUT MAKE SURE THAT YOUR CAR PLAYER WILL PLAY CD-RW DISKS. You may want to test it with one before you buy a stack.
help messed opened cannot figure put back together working anyone know anything	Sorry, I never had it aart
used back recovery pc	Yes - I use them to backup my PC.
work windows mac	Yes, I use it exclusively with my Mac and they do play on the pc.
work pc trying burn music itunes library pc	I'm not sure because they didn't work for me I tried opening on my laptop and it wouldn't format
disk work handycam dcrdvd203 model	Yes.
mean 4x 12x	12X is the speed that these CD's will accept new information i.e. the speed it will allow your computer to write.
need extend length mouse cable usb 10 cord work need usb 20 cord 2008 model windows764bit	I really could not tell you but maybe this would help you. Again I'm sorry http://www.yourcablestore.com/USB-Cable-Length-Limitations-And-How-To-Break-Them_ep_42-1.html
identical replacement kingston kvr400x64sc3a1g	Yes other than brand name these should work identically.
good morning memory compatible hp compaq nc6230	Not sure. I would contact HP support to make sure. The reason is, is because HP is very specific about its memory timing, size and slot availability. 
compatible windows 8	I have yet to upgrade any of my computers to Windows 8... so I don't have personal experience using the mouse with that particular OS. 
hi work compaq presario b3800 laptop	Linn - Yes. If you look on the Crucial website, they have a compatibility chart, and if you look up Compaq Presario Notebooks, the B3800 does show this PC3200 400Mhz, unbuffered 200-pin memory card as being compatible. 
specifications appear identical ct611336 crucial web site picture shows different pin product	Hi Sir/Ma'am I do not know if it is the same product but my advice to you is to get exactly part number that you want nothing else cause if you do it might not work on your computer thanks a lot.
1 stick 2 productasin b00025o87yad one 1gb stick two 512kb sticks	I ordered this product, and it is for one 1Gb stick. If your computer has 2GB maximum memory capacity, you will need to order two to fill that.
many times could rewritten	I have rewritten one at least 15 - 20 times
compatible toshiba model sp416 tecra a5	Doesnt look like it, looking at crucial website http://www.crucial.com/store/listparts.aspx?model=Tecra%20A5&Cat=RAM
work windows 8	I have never tried it, but I can't imagine it wouldn't. A USB mouse is a USB mouse. Although I haven't tried it myself, I've never met anyone that claimed that a USB mouse was incompatible with Windows 8. 
play cds	Don't waste your money. It died within less than a year.
coby dvd 224 player continuos loop feature play dvd continuously	Yes it does. After you start the movie you use the repeat button on the remote to select repeat title, and it will keep replaying the movie continuously. 
1080p 1080i dvd player best 1080p 1080i	1080p gives you a superior image, but the DVD player only upscales a 480p image to these much higher resolutions. 
unit outputs recording	Yes, output for stereo right and left channel.
amplifier work sony ssb1000 514inch bookshelf speakers power 10 sub 10 100w frontfiring rear ported subwoofer	They will go well with the book shelf speakers but you will need two of the same 10" subs. Reason why is that the amplifire output rcs are channelled L&R if you use one sub you will only access one channel Unless your sub have both L&R rca inputs then you will only need one.
phono input preamped need connect external preamp run 1970's bic turntable	Ah, haven't hooked a turntable up to this yet. Sorry I'm no help.
power 2 kenwood 130w speakers	Sure will, I run two 200 watt Technics from em. Not the best quality, but it does run em pretty well.
many speakers work	1 set
issue audio delay videoke system analog audio output new digital hdtv unit correct issue	No.
firend looking enegry classic 51 5 speaker set 200watt 8in subwoofer receiver support set	You can only have 2 speakers hooked up to it unless you want to double up. And even with only 2 speakers a fuse blew and when replaced still doesn't work.
equipment worth buying	Depends on your situation. If you are looking for a power amp for PA, no. If your intention is to use it at home with components attached to it, yes.
word integrated really misspelled amplifier	Yes! But purchasing a new one you wont see that misspelled.
amp cuts low level input fadeouts fadeins &amp soft interludes way disable	Put your input into input 2 and switch Auto on to normal. This way the ampllifier is not dependent on input level to remain on.
used home theater	you would only get stereo sound , not surround .
use device power sonos connectamp six pairs speakers connected sonos amp speaker selector impedance matc	No
would like put together dvd player speakers laptop netflix movies inputs 1 2 would work	Yes most definitly
want connect two onkyo speakers tv cannot connect directly go amp 3 height clearanceso looked good drive speakers	It'll certainly work and work nicely. 
might asked already sirius receiver work like laptop would	As long as it has a "line level" output, it should, usually stereo mini-plugs. I use these amps with Apple Airport Express units and they work great.
whats total output wattage sony ssf7000 200watts sony saw3000100 watts receiver support products	No! This amp cannot power those speakers. Get a sony STRDH130 2 channel receiver
I trying set two sets speakers different room input computer connect computer source music	Easier than you might think. Most PCs will have audio connections on the Mother Board. These will produce a 'line level' output similar to what is produced by CD or DVD players. Most name brand PCs such as Dell or HP will have the drivers already installed. You connect the PC's audio out to the preamps AUX/DVD/CD or tape monitor inputs. This assumes RCA type connections at the PC and Preamp. 
connect bookshelf speakers set subwoofers b set	Yes. However, the amp has no volume control for either of these connections. Volume is controlled by the stereo or other component. 
volume control work amp since preamp volume control	I leave the power amp turned up to max and control it with my preamp.
use amp preamp	Yes, this amp will function with preamp. I use mine for PA and outside music. Good buy for money, no issues with product.
used home speaker car	yes replaced a set of 15 " radioshack speakers I've had since the 80 and back to shaking the house
one speaker pair	one speaker
used sound system	I bought this as a inexpensive temporary fix for a blown 15 in one of my EV top boxes. The OEM EV speaker was hard to find cause my cabs are 14 years old. It was a little over 300.00 and it gave out 3 weeks before Christmas. 
replacement seismic audio 15 pa dj 700w drivers think blew one thx	I think their good for 100 watts
diameter including rim words one far side cabs hold 15's actual full diameter 155 inch	The speakers sizes would be 15"/38cm And your box should be 15/32in i hope this help out
work replacement pioneer hpm150	They should, i placed these pyles in an old optimus cabinet app 25 years old, purch from R shack.
price bugle pair	Just one speaker, That's what I got when I bought it
old set pioneer hpm 1100 speakers 15 speakers went years ago foam surround seemed dissolve would work replacement	yes they should fit and will sound good .these don't use foam surround its treated paper very strong.
play good mid speaker jus voice bass	yes, I used it for front stage monitors (mostly vocals) and it did good.
size hole needed speaker cabinet	Mounting diameter is 11.06" overall diameter is 12.01"
many one two	Only one per box.
old console need mount speaker inside need put spacer speaker board	you should not need a spacer the speaker is sufficiently padded around the edge and the woofer excursion is not that long.
speaker replace cerwin vega 12	It will fill the hole but won't handle the same wattage. ..
ther 1 2 thers two pix dos say pair	ONE SPEAKER! ONLY ONE!
pyle richter 12&umlraw speakerwoofer ones recommend 3 way cabninets using yamaha receiver ar500	Pyle... I was deciding what to replace my b.i.c veturi speakers with as age had goten to then and these 12in pyle speakers are way beyond what I expected For the price they are a very great speaker and will accept sub-speaker leval input
work lightworks pro proprietary console work	You have to use their program to program the shortcuts for when you use it. I have mine setup for outlook, Lightroom, Photoshop and photo mechanic.
latest win 7 driver upgrades special file adobe premiere cc 2014	I'm not sure of the latest driver version, but the Shuttle sends keyboard keypress events so it works with absolutely any program -- if there is a keyboard shortcut for a command then it can be mapped to a button on the Shuttle. It works with all the latest Adobe programs, for that reason.
used adobe lightroom photoshop latest versions good keyboard replacement shortcuts	It should be able to be used with any program. I have not personally used photoshop or lightroom, so can't say. For photoshop, if that is online (web-based app now, I think), the keystrokes may be messed up if you have specific strokes for your web browser, but not sure how photoshop works. 
use way 15 shortcuts regularly way make button alt button double amount shortcuts	Yes--on the control panel set up, there is a feature to double the number...it says "Next" or "Previous" so you can create 2 data sets for program X. And there is always the wheel--you can hold the outer rubber part from 1-7 and the inside grey wheel rotates, each direction is programmable. 
mouse work mac pro desk top	it works completely fine with my iMac desktop. So it should work just fine with the new Mac Pro.
title product confusing says shuttlepro v2 says shuttle pro 2 [old ver shuttle logo different	I don't know so I think your best bet would be to contact contour designs and asked them directly.
good morning need know difference model one says [old ver] model taiqan china	The old version says "Assembled in Taiwan" -- new version says "Assembled in China". The basic difference (the only one I know of) is that the old version will not let computers running Win 8 "sleep" -- which is to say it continually sends USB signals to the computer and thus the computer can never enter sleep mode. 
also leave kb mouse useable active also using want replace kbmouse editing style enhance anyone used avid	Yes. The ShuttlePRO doesn't remove anything. I haven't used it with Avid, but any shortcut key can be mapped to it so it's compatible with whatever program you want to use.
compaq presario v5000v5305wm	compaq presario v5000/v5305wm will support DDR PC3200/2700 memory modules
item pictured part advertisement reads like laptop notebook memory part ad says desktop memory whitch correct	This is the first. It is laptop or notebook memory. You can tell by the size also. Desktop is much longer. I bought this for my older laptop as an upgrade and it is performing great. 
one compatible toshiba tecra a3 100 laptop	Go to crucial.com it has a memory finder that will tell you what kind of memory your laptop requires
need upgrade netgear readynas nv memory existing 256m 200 pin 25v ddr pc333 sodimm replace 1gb ddr2 667mhz sodimm	no you can't use a ddr2 on a ddr ,However you probably will be able to use a 1gb ddr pc2700 like the one in picture .
warranty ever needed would send tohow handled	I would assume the person you bought it from, or they could tell you who to contact
memory nonecc unbuffered	it is Non-ECC but not sure if it is buffered or Unbuffered.
hp dv8125nr notebook	Harvey, To answer your question the answer is yes this memory module will work in your laptop.
hi hp pavilion dv1000 entertainment notebook memory i&acutem interested	Goto www.crucial.com and do their memory selector. It will tell you if this is correct memory for your laptop.
work satellite p35s609 memorysamsong ddr pc2700 cl25	Yes
work mac ibook g4 one slot available 512mb ram currently loaded	i don't think so. Goto www.crucial.com There is a memory finer tool that will tell you what you need.
come mounting hooks	No, I purchased mounting hooks for under $3.00.
tips rolling back screen	It is Spring action and lock. It will allow till its length to Pull and locks To Roll Back, jut pull down little, it will unlock and sends back
blackout back prevent light coming hung window thanks	yes it does
screen used 3d projections	I havent tried mine for 3D yet, but I cant see why this wouldnt be just fine as a 3D screen.
could program work adobe flash importantly scrubbing frame frame wheels	Yes. The program that you install switches mappings automatically depending on which program has focus. Any command which has a key combination can be assigned to the buttons. The jog dial has multiple, ascending steps in each direction, so you can have like 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, etc assigned depending on how far you twist it. 
far apart mounting hooks	The mounting hooks are on each end the screen, it is 72 1/2 inches from the center of each hook
size would work photoperfect tripod	The widest part of the square that clamps into the tripod is 44mm x 44mm. I bought this relying on the the previous answer and it doesn't fit my tripod.
fit vivitar vpt120se	I would check this website out. http://www.tripodquickrelease.com I am not sure if your vivitar vpt-120se is a camera or a tripod... I found that website super helpful when finding mine, and then came to good old amazon to purchase it.
fit vivitar vivvpt1250	Call the manufacturer.They will be more than willing to help you out. Google them to get a phone number. Good Luck.
plate fit ambico v0552	I am using this plate successfully on an Ambico V-0552.
fits velbon videomate 607	The Quick Release Plate that fits the Videomate 607 is the QB-6RL
fit ultra pro 423 tripod	Hello,I am not familiar with this tripod.Have you contacted the manufacterer? Also try the many knowledgeable photo stores in NYC. They seem to know everything. 
need platform fix coast tripod 134 234 slot suggestion	We only sell quick release plates for Velbon and OSN tripods. You may want to try tripodquickrelease.com
fit sony vctr640 tripod	Not 100% sure, but it should. Unfortunately there doesn't seem to be an exact standard for the base sizes, but in this case the platform here is exactly what you'd expect it to be. We have two different tripods, for which we ordered two of these; it fit both perfectly. 
little black peg retract fixed hole bottom camera would match peg	Yes, the little black peg does retract; but you still need a hole in the bottom of your camera to use the screw mount for the tripod.
reliability anyone else quality problem	Same here, it was great whilst it lasted. I had no kids play with mine and never dropped it but the screen became unreadable after using it for 14 months. Was not worth it...
hi word heard inputted somewhat misspelled e550 recognize anyhow provide help thank	Be cautious with this purchase, I returned twice and the third one is siting here dead/useless.
year dictionary start oxford dictionary	On the back of my Sharp PW-E550 Electronic Dictionary there is a label stating a few details. According to the label it is: New Oxford University Press 2001 and The Oxford American Thesaurus of Current English, Oxford University Press 1999, Garner's Modern Usage, Bryan A Garner2003.
fit old ambico v0554	Richard, No the QB-4W will not fit the Ambico V-0554 but this one will: Promaster QR Plate http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002OJ7JIQ/ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 I ordered the QB-4W for my V-0554 and had to send it back. Got the Promaster QR and had to file down the sides of my V-0554 platform holder just a tiny bit and it fit just right.
long device last screen easy read	The first one lasted about five years. (I spilled coffee on it which put it out of commission) I have had my current one since December. The screen is easy to read. I don't want to ever be without one!
translator spanish languages	No...It is not a translator
anyone else problem sticking keys less two years use	I didn't have problems with the keys - the screen malfunctioned after one year. It was terrific until then. The screen problem is well documented - I wouldn't buy it again w/o knowing the screen problem was fixed.
given letters suggest words	yes
flash card feature keys easy press	Keys are easy...and display with just a touch....I don't know what a flash card is.......
come wire	Do you mean the powercord? If so, then the answer is yes.
difference 8500 x50 9500ix	The main difference is that the 9500 ix is a GPS enabled radar detector. It actually uses the same scanning engine as the 8500 x50 for radar detection, but the GPS ability allows you to mark speed traps, and the 9500ix has the National red light camera and speedcam database programmed into it. 
many owned 2 years problems	I have owned it for only a few months---No problems
want wires coming device battery option	No
looking unit type english sentence get spanish transltition help please	No
california	Hey James, California? I don't understand what the question is.
detector jack headphones	Yes, there is a headphone jack.
get suction cups mount escort	Sorry for the late response. The suction cups are included. Thank you.
use va	it's illegal to use radar detectors in Virginia and Washington DC
differents old siliver version 8500 x50 new black 8500 x50	I asked myself, "Let's see, if the model number is the same, aren't the insides pretty much the same?" I have had the silver one for 3+ years. 
tell fcc code serial located bottom	It's in the car,,why?
tripod locking mechanism	It does have a lock for the tripod. The whole unit is very sturdy. The only piece that doesn't lock is the bottom bar containing the the screen. It rotates freely on the vertical main mast. 
bought based reviews came without setup instructions online says push tripod liftlower button budge advice	Yeah it's pretty tricky. Last time I tilted the screen first before the tripod. 
much weigh 22 lbs shipping weight thank advance	It's close to that weight. Very stout screen!
total heigth screen including tripod	Wish I could help, but the screen's closed up in a basement storeroom, and I'm temporarily laid-up and can't manage the stairs. Maybe you could Google the name and model number and check that way, or see if you can find the information on the Da-Light corporate website. 
come stand well screen	Yes it does, and it works quite well.
includes accessories	Yes it is an excellent unit.
carrying case would fit	Sorry - but I didn't buy a carrying case...I use the screen only at home. It's a well made, quality product though. Regards, Dan
anyone tell privacy screen work portrait mode	Yes, they will. They come with sticky tabs you place on the outside of your monitor to hold them in place. I bought 2 and I use one of my monitors in portrait and one in landscape mode. They even work wether you use the matte finish or shiny side.
size filter screen need dell precision 4700	Go to www.3m.com it will give you the exact size filter screen that will fit your computer.
privacy screen blocks view people walking behind tilting screen help	Tilting it does help a bit as standing above it is not as clear but it doesn't totally block it like from side to side. 
easy install	Yes, you can either stick the tabs that come with it on the edges of your monitor (if they fit correctly) or you can just rest it over the screen.
sit open cubicle back passersby anyone walks behind able see screen	Yes they might be able to Val My desk has my back to a wall and people on the side. My application it works great
tis saver help blurryness eyes get long work computer	I'm not sure. I've never had the problem with blurriness. It does take the glare off the screen so that might help.
ordered led monitor going work get different knid filter	Silvia, I have a laptop Dell and filter works very well and was easy to install
anti glare properties	My office has harsh overhead lights that casue a big glare issue on my monitor when I do not have this privacy filter on it. Without it, there are entire sections of my monitor that I can't "see" because of the bad glare and the the glare also causes me to have migraines. W
anyone tell vga pinout modle 170 monitor need 15 pin	All modern PC graphics cards use the same 15 pin VGA connector .
active converter	Yes, it converts the PS/2 protocol into USB, not just connects the wires.
usb reach desktop tower	I had this plugged into the back of a desktop tower and then the older style ps2 keyboard and mouse plugged into it, so as long as the keyboard and mouse cables will reach it should work fine.
work logitec keyboard	I don't own a Logitec keyboard, but the symbol on the StarTech Adapater end is for a PS2 keyboard and the other plug in has the symbol on it for your PS2 mouse. Keyboard are plug- and-play equipment and unless you have a very unusual keyboard it should work just fine. 
twoway communications	If you mean do the keyboard lock lights work then yes. Otherwise you might want to expand your question.
maximum number keys pushed simultaneously	I have never had a problem using 3 or 4 key combinations if that's what you are asking, I've never tried anything more than that.
connect mouse keyboard time	Yep, that's why it has two PS/2 attachments. There are markings by the PS/2 jacks that indicate which device goes in which jack.
anyone tried use adapter kvm extender likely would need one end kvm device	No
would work convert sound headphones run ps2 input	Yes
old cuecat barcode scanner radio shack work	Not sure. But, I CAN say that this USB is really a 'converter' and I used several of them now. And enable use one of the oldest ibm keyboards ever made on a windows 7 machine.
others walking behind people walking behind see screen	Yes. Someone directly behind you would be able to see the screen. If they couldn't, you wouldn't be able to see the screen either. It blacks out the view of the screen when being viewed from a side angle.
converter function convert old mac keyboard use new mac computer	not sure how it would function on the mac. I would check around for the specs. It works real well converting the code from the windows keyboard to the windows cpu.
cools without fans also pad seems nonadjustable size size laptop fitted	It doesnt cool it, it keeps it cool because it is not flat on a desk or table, I have a 17 inch and have been using it for at least 5 years now.
made	It's some sort of rigid foam. Maybe polyurethane? Not sure.
fit 17 inch hp laptop	Depends. I have a 17' HP DV7, and it fits it just fine on a table. On my lap, however, it doesn't cover the entire bottom half of the computer. Nevertheless, it still does a great job of keeping my notebook cool.
type projector recommend using screen	I have know idea if that would make a difference
tall enough trade show booth	At its highest settings if is about 5'8" to the top of the screen. Hope that gives you an idea
dimensions box used shipping	Part# 89060 with UPC# 0717068805910 shipping dims are: LENGTH = 53.00 inches HEIGHT = 5.50 inches WIDTH = 8.60 inches WEIGHT = 15.15 lbs. Diagonal Image Size: 56.6 inches Screen Height: 40 inches Screen Width: 40 inches
much weigh	About 5 pounds
plastic stand melts sticks paint desk computer gets hot stand get melty sticky hot	No, but it also doesn't really hold the computer on it very well. I have been trying to use it, but it becomes a bit difficult and unruly.
one use watching tv bed couch fit stomach chest comfortably 12 inch ultrabook thanks	Mine works very well on a hard surface, such as a desk, but in my opinion it is too small to use on the lap.
good power point presentation birthday party	Hey TJL, it is. It's not the biggest screen out there, but it is perfect for small conference rooms (less than 40 people), and should do well for a birthday party. 
music burned play ordinary cd playerchanger	Yes, if you burn these CDs as an audio CD, and not as a data CD, they will play on an ordinary cd player/changer.
put photos	Yes.
erasable mean overwrite previously recorded answer yes affect quality second recording	No, not with this particular CD, as it is CD-R. You want to get a CD-RW.
record music without problems	You should have no problems recording music on the Verbatim CDs.
quality difference ones branded music cdr's httpamzncomb0002zdikw I burning audio	As long as your are using a computer to do your burning, there is no difference. There used to be a stereo cd copier that was like a home stereo that you copied cds in. 
burn songs onto cd need formatted cannot get play stereo	No they do not require formating. I have used a stand alone stereo system to transfer some of my LPs to CD. I also, used my laptop to make CDs. What I did discover was that I needed to clean my stereo with a CD/DVD cleaner disc. 
play cds car's cd player	you bet you can!
country origin regarding manufacturer discs	I checked the label, and the very small print at the bottom states that it was made in Taiwan.
I 50% fail rate trying burn 5565 mins music windows media player's fault bad batch seems high	I've never had a problem with the discs. I would check your software. I have always used ITunes to burn my music, much more reliable. Hope this helps you. Bob
play cds car's cd player	you bet you can!
come charged sales tax I minnesota business minnesota	Not from MN but they started charging tax in Arizona. Arizona brought a lawsuit against Amazon because they ship from a warehouse in the Phoenix area, thereby owning property, business etc. 
music burned play ordinary cd playerchanger	Yes, if you burn these CDs as an audio CD, and not as a data CD, they will play on an ordinary cd player/changer.
need black surface back black able turn screen around put white side facing tripod pole	Probably not.
erasable mean overwrite previously recorded answer yes affect quality second recording	No, not with this particular CD, as it is CD-R. You want to get a CD-RW.
burn songs onto cd need formatted cannot get play stereo	No they do not require formating. I have used a stand alone stereo system to transfer some of my LPs to CD. I also, used my laptop to make CDs. 
country origin regarding manufacturer discs	I checked the label, and the very small print at the bottom states that it was made in Taiwan.
I 50% fail rate trying burn 5565 mins music windows media player's fault bad batch seems high	I've never had a problem with the discs. I would check your software. I have always used ITunes to burn my music, much more reliable. Hope this helps you. Bob
need purchase speakers	Yes. Also a pre-amp.
come charged sales tax I minnesota business minnesota	Not from MN but they started charging tax in Arizona. Arizona brought a lawsuit against Amazon because they ship from a warehouse in the Phoenix area, thereby owning property, business etc. 
adjust volume	The receiver that the CD player is attached to is how you adjust the volume, just as you would adjust the receivers volume,when the receiver is switched to (play) CD, the receiver adjusts the volume for the CD player. Hope this helps.
hook sony strdh130 receiver	Hi Joe, Yes, you can hook your Sony SACD/CD player to your Sony receiver by using left and right RCA connectors input audio SA-CD/CD on the receiver and output from the SACD/CD player using the front L/R jacks and remember to "SEL-2ch"(2-channel playback area is page 10 in the owners manual. 
use coax output achieve 51 surround sound use rca 51 audio plugs thanks advance	We are using RCA audio plugs. Good luck!
put photos	Yes.
coo anyone know product manufacturedmade	china..
cd's 'transition' one completed next cd button push next cd play previous one finaishe	Mine seems to transition fine but try play button or disc skip and play.
fit kenwood kdcbt562u	Fits nicely
fit 2002 chevy camaro	Most likely it will fit, one of my friends who owns a 4th generation Camaro (2000) had no difficulty with the install. Hope this helps. Cheers!
hook headphones one	Sorry, no headphone jack.
fit 2000 chevy silverado thanks	Yes, a friend installed this in his silerado
1999 jimmy im buying market kenwood radio need put radio would fit truck radio smal	I have a 2002 Chevy Blazer. I bought this kit because it supposedly fit. It didn't fit at all. The JVC stereo fit in the kit after major modifications to the kit. I had to cut the dash to get it to fit in my Blazer. 
drive 1993 oldsmobile cutlass ciera fit amazon says product details lead believe help	Yes i looked at the instructions and it fits anything that has a double din radio slote.
jensen dcdvd player 7 flip screen work kit	if your JVC stereo is a single DIN (2" tall) it will fit, if it is larger (taller than single DIN, over 2") then it will not fit
one tried kit 1998 chevy malibu	I think it will fit but idk of you should buy it yet just look for one for your car online and see if you can find one if not then buy it
record music without problems	You should have no problems recording music on the Verbatim CDs.
thing 15 dins right install 1 din radio eliminate extra space cd tray	Yes, that's correct.
fit 1995 dodge ram 1500 huge radio tape deck truck want put cd player	It definitely fit! I put it on a ram 1500 year 2000 and it fits just fine! Now i love the new radio on my car!
fit 1999 jeep wrangler sahara	Hi the jeep wrangler sahara is the same as my jeep 2001. The metra 99-600 will fit perfectly with some plastic cuts to be performed manually( very simple with a simple knife) kind regards
install upside room flip type stereo	If I remember correctly I am sure that you can install it with the pocket up or down. I believe it is universal.
bought one fit fit 2003 gmc sierra pickup	I don't have a clue..try crutchfield & sonic electronix..they usually have vehicle specific dash kits
fit 2001 dodge 2500 truck 1500 3500	No, I would recommend the Metra 99-6501 or 99-6700.
already cd player truck know kit hold stereo securely stereo thing losely dash	Because the kid is the right size for the stereo
fit 2000 jeep wrangler	According to the Metra website, yes. I do not have a definitive answer since I installed it in my Neon. http://www.metraonline.com/files/products/INST-6000_web.pdf Jeep Cherokee 1997-2000 Grand Cherokee 1993-1995 Grand Cherokee 1996-1998 Wrangler 1997-2000
fit 1998 jeep wrangler	sorry so late to answer, but yes it is a direct fit for a 1998 jeep wrangler. just need to remove some tabs as per instructions.
fits escalade 2002 clarion vz401 7inch indash	no, it fits the opening in the older standard radio opening. it is the best one I have found
pioneer fhx700bt indash double din cdmp3usb car stereo 93 astro work nicely thanks	No I do not believe this will work in the astro.
fit 2002 chevy silverado	Yes
dimensions radio hold	11 x 10 x 5 inches and this is the one I bought for it, http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006B1C3UW/ref=oh_details_o05_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1. Hope this helps.
double din radio 2002 suburban want replace single din jvc receiver kit adaptable installation	It worked on my truck (99 Silverado); I don't think there is too much difference between mine and yours as far as the radio goes.
opening covered plastic x exactly supposed cut	I believe I cut it with a utility knive where it was attached. Use caution.
fit 1999 chevy astro van	Yes
fit 1994 jeep grand cherokee laredo currently factory infinity stero work think larger face cdradio equalizer built	Yes. It has several mounts you will have to cut off. Because it is made to fit several spplications.
kit jvc kd850bt stereo 2005 avalanche	No it is not. If you go to Metra online .Com you can put in your vehicles info and it will tell you which kit . Your 2005 Avalanche can take a double din or single din radio. This kit is for the earlier model Chevy/Gmc vehicles
work power shot a95	Mine is a SD 750. If your camera takes a mini USB it will work fine.
work canon powershot	Yes. I have a Canon PowerShot ELPH340HS
work sp560uz	I am not sure, basically it is a mini usb to usb cable. The one I bought was defective and didn't work at all. Too much hassle to return so I ate the cost. I wouldn't buy this particular cable but look for a different manufacturer. 
recently got powershot sx170is compatibility chart cable canon website use cable	Don't know, but try a search under Amazon's site. I have the G15, and use an off brand cable (cost around $6) and that works just fine.
4 pin mini usb	The connection to the computer port has 4 pins in white plastic, the connection to the camera is the smaller with no pins in it. I use it for my Canon Power Shot ELPH 115 IS. Cable I received was black, not white as the image shows. Also, when first used it, thought something wrong with it, kept getting error message.
work canon powershot sx520 hs download photos camera computer	Yes, it does.
cable work canon sx50hs	Yes, I have a Canon Powershot SX50 HS purchased in Nov last year. It works both with my windows PC (8 yrs old still running XP) and Mac (new).
genuine canon product one reviewers says	Mine says "canon" right on the cord, the listing says it is made by canon, the part number I believe is a Canon part number. Can I prove that it is or isn't a canon knock off, No. It works fine with my Canon cameras (I have three) and have no issues with it. No issues. 
usb cable male mini	Has small connector that goes into cannon camera..don't know what you mean by mini?
warranty included item	Yes you have one year replacement
work avaya system	it should work if you have analog phone jack available coming out your Avaya system, this analog system
phone nortel extension compatible	No
power supply included box product need purchase separately	The power supply is included with the product. We did not receive the cable for the subwoofer which should have been included. 
atem ship south sudan	We are only able to ship this item to North American destinations.
get power adapter	Yes
long cord	56 inches
long extended microphone cords	They're about 6 feet long
subwoofer acts speaker	it does not, at least i did not notice so..
work matrix 12 system fish finder	Yes. I'm using a Matrix 12 system and it works fine.
work 525	Yes it will tell you in the models it works with. It worked on mine.
mount work 700 series depth finders older model comparable replaced 788ci hd sonar tree fell boat destroyed mount need replace	I have a 798 and it works on it. Call hummingbird in Eufala AL.
wide 100 would like mount fit	It should.
work 727 model	According to the Humminbird site, it will. I purchased two of these, mounted one on the front and one next to the console and move my unit when I stop to fish. Certainly cheaper than buying two sonar units.
work matrix 25 fishing system mount matrix 25	this will work but it comes in black or gray.
hummingbird 200dx work 200dx	This is my first one, don't know.
work 787c2 model	The one I ordered it for was a TX something... I don't remember the numbers after the tx, but it's a small basic unit.
work normal home analog line	Yes. A bit like using a wrecking ball to kill a fly though. The Soundstation 2 (make sure you get the analog model) also works with a home (analog) phone line, and is half the price. Users in a normal sized room (up to say 20x30) will find it meets their needs. 
humminbird 788ci need replace mounting barcket wondering model would corerect fit	i have a 385 ci and it works with mine
difference 7400771 listed ms mount humminbird web site says fits 500 series listing says	the best way to find out is to call hummingbird at 1-800-633-1468.
thing get discontinued looks like amazon pretty much everyone else stopped selling bummer	bought one last week at Best Buy
cox internet service one ethernet port would like second port think would connection problems cox	it shouldn't be a problem.
switch stops working resets sometimes several times row works hours time replace something else try first	That doesn't sound right. You may have gotten a bad unit but if you can swap out the power supply and see if that helps. I have two of these that have been running almost continuously 24/7 for 2 years with 0 problems. 
netgear gigabit switch gs608na allow cascading 2 together get ports yes work reliably	I would say yes because it is only a switch.
switch v3 model ie gs608v3 earlier v1v2 model	It is v3!!!
would suitable install attic	yes the higher the better as long as its vented well to guard aganst overheating in the summer!
na mean seen netgear without na end part number	North America
good video hd streaming	I do not have connected to any video streaming just audio. I would say yes if you have a pure gigabit router and Internet pipe. The switch lights show yellow if you do not have the gig pipe and green if you do. HTH
high make screen	Depends on what size screen you get. 50", 60" or 70". The sizes are listed in the details of the product.
size carrying case	There is no "carrying case". The tripod legs slide up the main support and the screen retracts into the bottom tube. You then turn the tube 90 degrees to align it with the main support post. 
screen come tripod	Yes. It is as pictured.
work connect asus x54l156 laptop 2nd intel i32330m 22ghz samsung 42 class 423 diag 450 series 720p plasma hdtv	Yes, it will. Or at least it works with my flat screen and PC. As long as you have the outlet on your TV and PC, you should be fine.
anyone experience connecting laptop lg 37 inch tv using cable satisfied	I am connecting a Vizio 32" to my laptop and works fine.
need connect samsung tv hp desktop monitor cable support audio video	Sorry this is a VGA cable and this cable will only input video only if you monitor supports VGA.
well work dual monitors	It will connect one VGA connector (such as computer output) to another (such as monitor input). It is not designed to split one output into dual outputs.
work connecting ibm laptop lenova thinkpad t420 viewsonic 27 1080p led monitor vx2753mhled 1920x1080 resolutio	as long as you have a VGA port on your laptop on the side or back and check your TV to see if the TV has a VGA port on the side or back as well
able get 1024x768 resolution cable max resolution cable	I too was disappointed with this cable and complained and they exchanged it, but didn't solve the problem!
tv lg 42lg50 cable work connect pc	If your LG and computer has a VGA portals, this should work, however, you will not have sound. Ideally, if you have HDMI portals on both, that would be the best way to go as HDMI cables deliver the audio and the video.
work '07 macbook dvivgafemale cable connct tv vga female output hdmi	No
cord apple model a1439	A VGA cord is not model specific. It's a standard VGA cord. Check your computer manual to see if you have a VGA output.
work uverse	I don't know about u-verse, but I use this with a Verizon FiOS Actiontec router to get more ports without any problems. I also use a smaller Netgear 4-port switch with an IOGear Universal Wi-Fi N adapter to connect with my DirecTV receivers and other network ready video equipment (like TV and Blu-Ray players).
10ft hi resolution monitor cable male male body issues cable bought came able watch tv internet go use work computer even ask change	Yes. Pins 4, 9 , 12 and 15 are open circuit.
one mount wall	Not in its regular configuration. As you can see it has footing pads to stand on. You would have to build your own mounting device.
want primarily kawasaki 12 volt dc electric roadside impact wrench kit 12in drive model 841337 work	The answer is "probably." It depends on how many amps your impact wrench pulls. This transformer will provide up to 10 amps, which is pretty good power output. A typical automotive cigarette lighter tops out at about 10 amps; after that you either blow a fuse or start burning wires. The best approach is to see if your impact has a rating in amps and go from there. 
maximum operating temperature want use attic application live phx attic temp exceed 125 degrees summer	It should be fine Just make it sit on like a ceramic dinner plate so heat cannot transfer down
want use power security camera car car parked turned recharge start car	Not sure of your question. These run off of 110 volt AC. They convert 110 AC to 12 volt DC. If you want to run one of these in your car you will have to run an extension cord out the unit. They dont re-charge. 
big banana plugs fit output holes	those do not accept banana plugs. just bare wire then you tighten down the binding posts
fan unit	No
used check car stereo	Yes
planing use electric car jack rated 15 ampsthe jack uses 12 volt car plug poweram still ok	I wouldn't run 15a as a continual load but for jacking up a vehicle then you should be ok.
would unit able power car cd player amplifier little something garage music	As long as it does not exceed 10 amps.
pyramid made improvements power supply concerning reported heating blowing fuses also installing lights meters	The fans keep it cool enough, slightly loud tho. No lights on the meters. 
effective power supply use ham rig solid power crazy rf	Absolutely! Solid power all right; Will run VHF effortlessly, and 100 watt HF easily and charge the cabin batteries to boot.. Although I had the power transformer develop an internal short in the first unit I bought (NEW), but I had a bigger spare in the junk box that just squeezed into the case. 
would like use plug adapter use herbal vaporizer something carry around without plugging	No. It has to be plugged in to AC power to work
35 amp able handle 5000 watt car amplifier	No, i blew my power supply trying to power a 1600 watts amp
connect cb wall socket	If the CB has a 12 volt male plug. The unit plugs into a 120 volt outlet.
compatible 2005 toyota matrix	You can check on www.crutchfield.com if it fits. For the toyota Matrix 2005 4 speakers, fits: http://www.crutchfield.com/p_12071035L/Metra-72-8104-Speaker-Wiring-Harnesses.html?showAll=N&search=Metra_72-8104&skipvs=T
anybody one thumps badly turned	I have obe that thumbs but it's normal , I guess it depends on how bad it's doing it., make sure there's no load on it when your turning it off
one order come pack 2 basically set speakers vehicle	Yes, one pair. Four speakers would need two packs.
fit 2004 isuzu rodeo	The 72 8104s will not work. Get in touch with Metra. They make connectors specific for your Isuzu
anybody used 2010 toyota 4runner	I used mine on a 2011 tundra DC, check http://www.metraonline.com/ for proper fit
metra 71035lc	This website shows pictures of both harnesses in question. Perhaps you can find your answer there. http://www.toyota-4runner.org/5th-gen-t4rs/179284-4runnerstunners-2011-5th-gen-jbl-w-navigation-speaker-upgrade-build-thread.html 
fit 97 toyota 4runner	No, sorry they would not be recommended.
us hole spacing mount speakers two 14 mounting holes 3 inches apart	2-3/4"
anyone use toyota corolla use im replacing stock speakers trying find solution	Yes, I used it to replace the front and rear door speakers in a 2008 JDM Corolla Axio. Plugged them into the stock connector and the speakers to the adapter. Couldn't be simpler.
fit 2009 toyota tacoma 4dr front rear speakers	I cannot say 100% that they will fit a 2009 Taco, but they fit my 2013 DC perfectly. I hear, but cannot confirm, that Toyota has used these same connectors since 2005.
mounted drywall well stud come drywall mounting hardware planning use 13lb polk fxia6 speakers	I wouldn't recommend attaching that much weight to the drywall. I'm using some small JBL's, and made sure they were anchored into the studs.
get white	Thank you for contacting Parts Express. It looks like the product is available in white through Amazon. Please enter the following description in the search bar: Panavise 110120W Speaker Wall Mount White and you should be able to locate it.
work ceiling mounting	yes these are ceiling mounts for speakers.
price pair one	Just one. Expensive but sturdy
20 max considering earthquakes max limit regardless	I do not live in an earthquake zone, but can tell you that these mounts are very strong and sturdy. I had them holding up more than 20 lbs. with no issues. 
compatible speakers keyhole connection	yes this is meant to hold speakers
exact hole spacing want replace fostex 025h27 spacing 3916	Hi, sorry about the delay, but if you still need it: spacing is 3 7/8" for all holes. And, they are 3/16" in diameter, the horn is plastic, so you can make it fit (the whole horn is 4.5 inches deep).
hi peizo tweeters tweeter thats powerful produces high teens tweenties khzs range thank	No, they sound more like a horn and they are not powerful at all...
hi suited home 110v auto 12v amp much amplification handlle thank	Doesn't matter which you use, though their shape and quality suggest lower-fi DIY projects. 
tweeters replacement coils	No
45 diameter hole needs filled big enough	Just barely. Here are the schematics: http://www.parts-express.com/pedocs/specs/272-102-pyle-pro-ph44-specifications.pdf shortest length of the square is nominally 4.5 inches.
work tweeters wire connectors 2006 toyota tacoma 4 door know work door speakers	There are two ways you can check this ... take a look at the connector and compare the the one you know about, and to check this in a service manual with that kind of detail. The tweeter assembly part information should provide a graphic so you can check this. 
pair	The price is for one only. You will have to purchase 2 for a stereo system.
piggy back wires go bose cubes clue abt want treble	Yes. Positive (red). To positive Black to black. It's called parallel wiring. It will blow your cubes away
car audio home	well I am currently using it on car audio but you can use it at home too. Either way you use it you need a filter for the bass
thanks taking time answer question however I I would like know would connect home stereo bose accust 10	That speaker is designed as a tweeter to be used as a replacement in a crossover equipped Speaker. It only handles high frequencies and cannot cover the middle ranges that a Bose acoustimass cube handles. 
adjustable depthdoes kit actually slide using side mounts\rails many inches play give	Yes it slide in and out, it is not perfect but it is good. I had last year and I sold the car I did not remember all the details but in general for it price on scale of 10, I give it 7 of 10.
fit 1979 ford econoline e100	It sure outght to. I've always done well with getting the right item and having it fit what it says it does. These kits have pieces you add or tabs to break off to make them very versatile and fit many models.
sold pairs individually	Pair
fit 88 broncoii	I don't know. it fit in my jeep
fit 1997 dodge ram 1500	I used this kit in a 2000 Ram 1500. Had to make slight modifications as dash was damaged. If not, it would have fit fine. Don't know if interior changed from 97 - 00 though.
fit 1997 jeep wrangler 4x6 dash speaker location	Yes, they will fit the original speaker plug in on the 97 Jeep wrangler. I used them in my 01 wrangler when I replaced the speakers.
fit 2005 jeep wrangler unlimited	Unlikely, they did not exactly fit my 2004 TJ. I think they are actually designed for the 97-2003 TJs. 
fit infinity sound system	They fit my 2000 300m. No instructions but fairly intuitive and a solid quick fit.
tried 99 durango fit although guy best buy said would well website product gives	Using Metra website - http://www.metraonline.com/vfg there is no info for the speaker wires until 2000 to 2009ish with that part number being 75-6514. 
would work 1995 chrysler concorde	I don't know, I bought it for my Jeep wrangler 2001 and it fits, I think you can adjust the sizes.
need install aftermarket radio subs amp	I'm not sure how it would work for subs and an amplifier since I think the amp connects to the radio then the subs connect to the amp. 
adapter needed 2002 oldsmbile bravada without bose onstar	This adapter, I believe, is only common to Chysler/Dodge vehicles. A GM (antenna) X Motorola (radio) adapter which is differnent from the one above may be needed. 
fit 2007 ford f150 crew cab thanks	Yes it will. I just replaced a radio in my 2007 Super Crew and it fit perfectly. I know it is a "crysler" product in its name but it also fit my 2007 F150 perfectly.
need 2007 chrysler pacifica	Yes
many come per pack	They come two to a pack to do one set of speakers. I had to order two to do both my front and rear speakers.
work 2006 dodge charger	Yes this the one you need
adapter fit chrysler crossfire fit market stereo	Yes
adapter fit radio 2007 dodge ram 1500	Add your vehicle to your Amazon garage and it will tell you if it fits.
work aveo5 2009 lt	I'm not sure. It didn't work on my 04' Dodge Durango Limited. It says it's for Chrysler which should work for Dodge, but it didn't. 
female end plug directly 2000 ford taurus antenna mounting bracket socket socket mounting base male pin looks	As far as I know, this is only for specific Chrysler models. The end with the pin is a standard radio antenna connector and the other end is for connecting to the OEM antenna cable. 
male end plug one attaches aftermarket radio	Yes
ok unexperienced car part purchaser would like know antanna one installs outside car 02 chevrolet tracker	No - this is an adapter that installs behind the radio itself. GM uses a small plug, which is on the "L" shaped end to mate with the standard size, witch is the larger end. 
smaller 4 wire harness	The vehicle has a separate four-connector plug for speaker connections. If your new aftermarket stereo has a single plug, you can still attach both of these to it without issue, as the total number and type of wires is the same, and in some cases you may even have extra wires from the head unit you do not even need, like a power antenna control wire.
harness work two extra tweeter speakers says 4 speaker I sure handles tweeters	I don't have two extra but I do have the ones that came with the vehicle. They are tied into the normal left and right channels. 
picture shows one end end look like end loose wires	Connector with open ends, no plug at the other end.
gauge wire want use correct crimp cap size thank	I used the red butt connectors 22-18g wire from this metra harness to my new radio harness and they fit and crimped perfect
installed pioneer radio 03 blazer installing noticed antenna fit radio need	Same to you thats my problem too i think this metra gm20 is not match for this 03 trailblazer.. I need to return this item...
anyone sure confirm works 2005 chevy equinox lt I looking purchase today thanks	Probably not. This is specifically for Chrysler cars according to the description. 
include dimmer wire	The orange/white wire is listed on the Metro package as "dimmer", the orange wire (no stripe) is listed as "illumination."
wiring diagram packaging get	From my understanding (which is how i did it) wiring for radios is universal based upon colors...you use this connection into existing car and attach wires via colors to wiring harness from radio hardware. 
2010 tundra factory head unit non jbl buy harness tap	for a clean installation, buy the harness. but your question is vague. what are you exactly doing? what are you tapping into? head unit into different vehicle? make sure the connections are the right ones, female/male etc.
well fit 03 nissan frontier	I do not know. I purchased this antenna adapter because it was configurable with my aftermarket radio. Try looking up what parts are compatible with the radio in your 03 Nissan Frontier. 
necessary 2004 pontiac vibe	It depends on the radio you are trying to plug the antenna into. The original head unit did not have an adapter - the antenna plugged directly in. I replaced it with a Pioneer headunit, and this was the antenna I found that seemed to work.
need different connectorharness bluetooth	My case is not work. Toyota have different kind of radio . But you ask about blue tooth. you should check with your new radio not with this wiring.
would work 2009 silverado aftermarket avhx4700bs poineer	Go to http://metraonline.com/ and look up your aplication
amazon says top page fit 2001 silverado shows item search anyone know fit thx	It worked on my son's 2001 GMC Sierra when we installed a aftermarket radio. It should work on your truck too.
ift 2012 nissan tiida	To be honest I don't now Amazon told me what would fit in my van I went sPacific with details about my van
parts fitter top says fits 2007 chevy trailblazer description says select gm vehicles 19882006 fit	Not sure about blazer, but it worked great on my 06 Pontiac Vibe
orangewhite	I'm not real sure but the review below should help. Like everyone says, it sort of does the job and is a good price. It's nice that each wire additionally has printing on it that is supposed to match it's function. One problem that I can't find an answer to -- I don't know if it's always been this way or is just a recent manuf issue, but it's added to my installation difficulty which I supposedly what this was supposed to help with, so I'm giving it 3 stars
install 1999 honda civic	Excelent
fix 2005 chevy 2500 hd	Worked on my gm vehicle. Should work on all gm
nessesary installing new cd player 2005 gmc sierra never needed anything sort multiple installs past	Yes you will need antenna adaptor
amazon claims fit 2003 silverado crutchfield says pictures connectors look identical	I believed they switched models in 2004. I have a 05 Colorado and it fit perfectly
fit 2008 chevy equinox	You can always go to the Metra fit list
work 2001 s10	Idk. I put it on a 2002 chevy 1500.
customer service rep planet audio told buy one 2003 hyundai santa fe make sense	If you have the Monsoon audio system, yes, this is the right harness. If you do NOT have Monsoon, then you would need a different harness, the 70-7301. 
fit 2005 chevy cavalier	Hello...I used this harness for 2006 Hyundai Santa Fe and it fits other makes as well and according to the Metra website this is what this harness will fit http://www.metraonline.com/part/GM_wire+harness_70-2003 and hope this helps you.
fit 2000 chevy s10	You will need to go to metra online for the correct part number http://www.metraonline.com/ or call Kens Car Tunes at 251-476-2313
fit 2001 chevy metro	No it will not
harness fit 2004 silverado bose onstar	this harness for connection to vehicle radio is for geo/ tracker vehicle. suitability for other gm vehicles, requires check with mfgr. davzway
installing 4 speakers need buy 4	No, you only need one. Please check out this video for more detail. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Fs6v3rvuuk
2004 toyota matrix metra states fit I understanding I trying install pioneer dehp3000ib	I installed mine on a 2002 chevy 1500. All I did was remove the factory radio face, then unplug the factory wiring harnes. This product installs in its place, then match the pioneer radio harnes wires to the product wires, color to color. 
wiring harness fit 03 gmc sonoma standard cab	I would go to GM website, putting in this EXACT product code number, also need date your vehicle was manufactured, as sometimes they change parts for a use in the middle of a calendar year AND during the middle of their own Model year for the vehicle. 
item sold pair individually	Pair
fit 02 chevy s10	It should . This is a standard converter plug
2001 subaru outback work front back doors know speaker size 4 doors	I have a 98 Forester and they worked front and rear for mine so they should work front and rear for you
fit 92 accord	Yes.
fit honda accord 1996 ex	Yes it will
fit 2010 nissan titan	John, I cannot tell you if they do or not. I do not own a Nissan. These were cross referenced to be used in my 2009 car that have similar connectors. Crutchfield says yes they do cross reference them with all Nissan vehicles. Hope this helps.
double din kit would fit honda accord 1997 special edition	Don't know but my double din stereo fit perfect so it did not need a kit! I think you might not need the kit because the stereo came with a type of built in kit
work rear deck speakers 2006 acura tsx metra website details product	It should. I installed it on a 2007 tsx
need one pair installing jbl 3 way 6x9 two 612s 4 way pyle 400 watt amp pioeneer deck suggestions order may need 2002 accound 4 banner ex roof cloth 5 speed like real dudes drive lol	Yes, you will need two pairs. Each package contains one pair, for two speakers. You'll also need an install kit for the Pioneer.
set fit 2002 honda accord coupe	Yes it will fit. I used this kit on a 96 acura TL and it worked great. I did however have to modify it a slight bit to fit the headunit I was using but everything else worked great. This kit lets you use aftermarket double din headunits in the Honda/Acura setup. 
use 2011 honda crv	Yes all speaker connections are standardized throughout Honda and Acura since they ate the same company and the manufacturer guarantees that these plug and play with all Honda and Acura models .
fit 2001 honda civic coupe	yes, will fit acura or honda up to the year 2002, they all use the same mounts
contain 1 speaker harness 2	2
harnesses work australian models	Yes these will. The most major difference between North American models and Asian models are the available engines( as well as the side of the vehicle you drive from). 
sadly ad mention many one pair	It comes in two but the red part of the connectors are really crappy and I had to cut it of and crimp a new tip on
1998 honda civic lx fit	Yes!
fit 1997 honda civic lx front speakers	Yes, I have a 97 civic LX as well and it works perfect!
work acura integera 1995 ls	I dont know
work 2003 gmc sonoma	This does not fit your: 2003 GMC Sonoma. check this URL -
work 2002 silverado	According to the details on Amazon it indicates it's compatible with 1985-2005 GM vehicles! Hope this helps!!
sure fit 2003 pontiac grand prix	Don't really know it didn't fit my 03 envoy I got the right one at walmart
fit 2001 chevy blazer 4door bose system	I checked the fit guide and this kit will work for a 2001 Blazer.
fit 2004 chevy avalanche aftermarket stereo pioneer stereo	No, unfortunately, you will need to get a special adapter for your truck, if your truck has bose, you will need the Axxess GMOS-04 Class II OnStar Interface for Amplified Systems, and if it does not have Bose, you can use this: Axxess GMOS-01 02-Up Onstar Harness Adapter with Chime. 
fit 2005 pontiac grand prix geek squad best b said needed special harness cost $13000	They are most likely correct. The harness is for the simple radio. Most newer GM vehicles have the door chime running through the stereo system. I purchased it for a 2005 Silverado and ended up having to get the more expensive style. C
work 2006 pontiac g6 pioneer head unit	If the car is a 1988 to 2005 GM, yes. It looks like you need the version for a 2006
work 2003 honda civic ex coupe	Yes. Direct fit for your vehicle.
fit 2002 pontiac grand	It will if you have the double din style oe radio
fit 2001 chevy suburban	It fit my 2003 Silverado I don't see why it wouldn't fit an 01 suburban chevys don't change that much in 2 years
1996 saturn sl2 fit car tried another harness colors correct order work	Hello, Amazon.com has a filter which can validate car parts according to your model. 
fit 03 gmc yukon	It says its supposed to but didn't fit my 03 sierra good luck I didn't use
fit 2001 gmc sonoma	Doubt it.
I got 2006 chevy express 1500 anyone know guy fits machine	I have a 1999 Chevy Express 1500 with a 1.5 din radio I removed. This unit did NOT work in my van. I'm not sure about your 2006.
fit pioneer dehx3600ui mixtrax head unit 2004 chevy trailblazer	I highly doubt it. I had to buy a different kit and i was installing a pioneer into an 04 trailblazer. Save your time and money and dont buy this one
fit 1999 astro van	I don't think so. It did NOT work on my 1999 Chevy Express woin a 1.5 din radio.
fit 2005 pontiac grand	not sure
fit escalade	If your esclade is 2001-2006 i believe it should. I used this on my 2001 tahoe which is the same chasis an all.... go to metra.com and search ur specific vehicle...go back to amazon and search for the specific item number there, save money ,be happy.
fit 1986 chevy s10	The question you really need to ask yourself is will this fit the head unit you are trying to install because it did not fit my new Kenwood Excelon and it is the same size as every other aftermarket head unit so I would avoid it. 
clarify two prong female end factory antenna two prong plug converts single plug install new radio	Yes. It has the two prong female end that will connect to the factory antenna. It also has a standard female end. Not sure why its even there. But this will convert to a aftermarket stereo.
female end go radio single pin radio input going deck red white audio cables	The male end goes into the radio, the female end is not used. The other end that is also female, receives the antenna.
says fits 2003 gmc sierra truck regular pioneer aftermarket wide	In my car the sterio mounted from the back of the adapter instead of sliding in the front, and their might be small variences in the sizes of decks.  
simply allow plugging aftermarket antenna one end plugging end original antenna wire	Yes it does. It also permits diversity antenna connections from the universal antenna socket, that's the third connection.
fit 1996 chevy 1500c	http://metraonline.com/
fit 2014 silverado	I work at gm and from looking at the parts catalog it looks just the same. I'm not 100% positive. But I could email you a picture of the 2014 connector and you could see what I'm talking about. 
pair adapters one	It it a pair
many need per speaker 1 pair	One pair does 2 speakers. I bought a pair this summer for a Cadillac DTS, amazon website seller indicated they would fit but they didn't, so I ended up splicing and crimping the wires. 
fit 2005 gmc sierra 2500hd	I believe it should. I think, all the way up to 06, they are pretty much the same. And for a few bucks its not that big of a gamble.
fit 1996 camaro	Can't really tell ya.. Sorry. Don't know much about cars. If the 1996 camaro was made by GM in 1996 then maybe. Regardless if they do or don't fit, in my experience you always have to cut off a tab on the stock harness so it will fit inside this harness.
sites fits 96 pathfinder double prong antenna connector amazon's site says fit fit	You need to check your current antenna connector. If it is the factory 2-prong connector this adapter should fit. I cannot comment on Amazon's "does it fit your vehicle" feature. 
fit 2013 silverado crew cab need front rear install	Go to metra.com search your specific vehicle get the serial # for it then search that # on amazon.....get best possible price and save $ man. Good luck.
fit 04 chevy aveo front door speaker	Yes
2008 silverado regular cab thinking buying kicker speakers front back need harnesses	Yes, these harnesses will allow you to plug straight in instead of cutting and stripping wires
even right adapter 2005 nissan altima purchased installed last summer fm reception horrible	I saw a review that said you do not need it. I'm assuming you installed an aftermarket radio, and from what I can find, you connect the 3 blue wires together. There may be an antenna amp that needs power to work properly. 5.0 out of 5 stars Do not need for a 2005 Nissan Altima, December 21, 2009 By Christopher L. Lombardi "Lumber" (Connecticut) 
fit 2012 mazda 3 appears recommended model sites amazon says fit	I bought it for a 2002 mazda 3. I would buy it where they say it is a true fit. Good luck!
work install pioneer 4600 dvd player 2004 mazda3	This easiest (and most accurate way) to get your answer is to visit Best Buy. They have a kiosk where you enter your vehicle and it tells you all the components necessary for the install. Presto!
work fit pioneer fhx500ui 04 mazdaspeed mx5	Use the crutchfield web site to determine what receivers will fit your vehicle model and what wiring and faceplates will be needed for the installation.
work 2008 mazda 6i	Check the Metra website to confirm before ordering.
mazda 3 06 would still able use controls steering wheel	Yes
03 protege5 subwoofer sitsin spare tire im sure standard work sub	This is just a harness that uses your factory plug and stereo harness. There is a blue wire with a white line for the amp. 
work rear speakers well	They did on my 2006 silverado.
fit 100% mazda 3s 2010	yes
2004 quest	Sorry it fits the 2002 and older. It won't work on a 2004 quest
use install market single din kenwood head unit 2008 mazda 3 hatchback	Yes, the adapter works just great. It covers a wide range of Mazda models that all used the same wiring harness.
2003 nissan xtrail	No
nissan march 2003 fit	If you enter you vehicle description it should tell you if it will work. I'm guessing it will because it came with many different parts
include screws	Yep. I bought a wiring kit separately though.
unit fit 1993 chrysler imperial part metra 44pw22	It should fit your car. This comes with a kit For different applications. Best of luck. It worked great for me. Dave. Z.
antenna compatible 1987 chrysler fifth avenue	Just looked this car up and yes this unit will work with your car.
want put pioneer dh150 mp 2002 nissan altima dash kit fit stereo car	can't say for sure. I used it in my 2004 frontier with some modifications to the kit. It did not work as i expected though.
antenna fit nissan 1998 pathfinder	I don't have the information for the antenna as to what it fits. Go to Metra Online ( http://www.metraonline.com/ ), fill in your car info, make model year etc and search for replacement radio antenna, it will tell you what metra model will fit your car. 
tall unit fender big hole cover one car want remove tall	I installed it in a 1995 Altima. It is installed behind the passenger side rear wheel. It is about 12" long inside the body of the car and my hole was completely covered.
anyone installed 1989 honda prelude si dealer implied oem would work	Dealer is correct. Sent mine back.
works mitsubishi montero 1998 suv	If your Montero already has an electric antenna, this unit should work fine. If not, you'll have to determine if your radio supports an electric antenna. If not, you'll have to install an up/down switch.
work 1985 nissan 300zx	WORKED FOR HONDA ACCORD 1993
work 2001 dodge durango slt	Looks like it would be a tight fit . It should work fine.
antenna fit 1992 honda accord ex wagonwith modifications	Yes this antenna will fit your Honda accord ex wagon. The issue is quality not if it will fit. I bought two of them and both were defective within a week!
harness work 2001 jeep grand cherokee	PS - It says 85-05 so you should be good.
harness wires steering wheel volume scan controls	The harness I used did not have spare wires for those controls. My Jeep does not have steering wheel controls for the radio functions. The only wire in the Metra harness I did not use was for a power antenna.
fix 1996 nissan maxima	We had the Metra 44-PW22 installed on my daughter's 1998 Nissan Maxima in December (of 2014) and so far, it does what it's supposed to do - rising up when we turn on the radio/CD player; the radio stations appear to be clear with very little distortion. 
use 2001 pt cruiser	Rose, your best bet is to call Metra and ask them(or whoever makes the harness). Wiring harnesses can be very specific to each vehicle. 
plug fit socket alpine tdm7544 auto radio	you'll have to soldier the alpine plug to the jeep plug matching speakers power etc pretty easy to do
correct assuming harness kenwood plugs one end chrysler plugs plugandplay simple	I don't know. It looks to me like the two plastic plugs are just pigtails that plug into the vehicle and you have to connect them to your after market radio. If you look you can see different color wires attached to the plugs. 
fit 2000 dodge ram 1500 connects truck plugs alpine head unit right	Yes it will plug into the factory harness in the truck and is labeled to know which wire goes to what on the radio
99 grand cherokee infinity system allow keep infinity ampspeakers	All I know is that on the 2001 it does you have to connect the amp on wire from your after market radio harness blue/white to the solid blue on this harness all other wires match perfect
drive 2005 sebring limited coupe back steering wheel volume radio scanning buttons along side stock radio anyone know harness includes wires options buy pioneer dehx6600bt hoping could	I don't really know but I'm pretty sure this harness does not have this option on it. It's just a basic harness ask around to be absolutely sure but I'm sure this one is the one you don't want
fit 2003 ford escape xlt	Yes, That's what I used it for.
fit 2003 ford mustang base convertble	It worked perfectly on my 2002 Mustang base coupe.
work 2000 mazda protege	No it will not. I went to Metra's web site. It looks like you need 70-7901.
fit 02 f250	Yes, I used in the same vehicle
fit 96 ford ranger	I have a 2001 crown vic. I think the Ford connectors are pretty standard on older models.
work 97 grand cherokee	I will say yes because I used it in a 1998 ZJ which was the same as the 1997s. FYI You can add your car to your Amazon garage and it will come up saying if it will or will not fit your specific car when you view the item.
work 2006 ford taurus	No, your stereo is like mine and the main part of the unit is the truck on the left side. You need the kit that comes with the heater, A/C controls and really long wiring harness. You have to run it from the rear to the front. I ran it along the left side. 
gauge wire harness	What? What do you mean? The harness has like 12 wires.
work 98 ford explorer eddie bauer edition	During my investigation into the radio and the range of interchangeability years of Fords, I have found that this wire harness works in years 1999 thru 2001. 
fit 2001 ford excursion steering wheel control premium system	It should fit, because they are made for Ford/Lincoln from 1998 and up. But check the Excursion to be sure the Radio harness is a 16 pin. 
radio cd player factory fit radio 2001 f150	My factory radio had a CD player and this worked perfectly (2001 F150). There were two connections in my old radio but only 1 was re-used with this harness and everything works fine
anyone recommendation earbud use enough cord reach ground plus allow move	We have two praise teams that use the rolls monitors. We simply bought extensions that you plug any ear bud or in ear monitor into.
need install new radio 2002 eddie bauer edition ford explorer	Yea you need a converter from the cars wiring box to the radio you are going to install. Otherwise, you'll have to cut all wires and then connect directly to new radio wires.
powered	included power supply-- (9-15 VDC)
able hear guitarsbass vocals thru ear monitors using live show	If it goes through a mixer first you will!
need get amplifier get sound connected return port audio snake	No, this is a headphone amplifier. So if you have a return signal coming back up the snake (from the desk) this amplifies it sufficiently to drive some headphones or in ears.
home stereo headphone jack I looking inexpensive headphone amp play music via rolls 14 input	Yes. You could connect a 1/4" cable to from the stereo system into the back of the Rolls. Then connect you headphones to the mini or 1/4 out on the front (it has both connectios). 
powered	It's got a power supply with it. I have that plugged into my power strip...
use mic input port deliver external sound ie extra mixer&acutes sound monitor input port would already taken	Yes. As long as the signal is sent via an XLR cable (the kind of cable the mic input uses), it doesn't matter whether it's an actual microphone or some other sound source. 
use main monitormix input output earphones	Yes! Works great this way. Just be careful of how much input level if you use the mic input. The 1/4" input can be either stereo TRS or mono, but is unbalanced either way.
keyboard player singer could use box mix keyboard output mic feed mixed signal main mixer	While this particular unit is not designed for this, you COULD do it if you used the headphone output (one of them) to send the signal out to the main mixer. 
fit 1999 honda accord ex	You can do a fit test for your vehicle on Amazon.com (it will ask you the year/make/model) and will determine if the product fits your car, so I checked and it seems to fit Honda Accord 1999. 
come instructions connect aftermarket radio harness	You don't need to have instrucitons, it matches color to colr, just be aware that some of the colors repeat but have black stripes to differentiate between the two. The head unit manual will layout the wiring diagram if needed. 
connector used 2010 grand vitara	i suggest going to metra's website and verify the wire codes --- that is what i did before i purchased mine.
run ears 35 mm headphone jack output 14inch together one powered time	Both are powered at the same time. I'm assuming there is only one physical headphone amplifier so it would essentially be the same as using a splitter out of one of the jacks.
work honda odyssey 2004	Yes
work 2003 honda element	Yes, I think this harness should work on the 2003 Honda Element. You can also double check on the Crutfield.com site. Hope that helps
illuminationdash light wire hook new stereo 2000 honda accord	just electric tape it off and it be fine
work honda pilot 2005	Yes read the description
used connect honda aux port	No thats a totally different plug
fit 2005 gto	I wouldn't think so.
tech novice *need* install new radio system '98 accord	Yes
plug 2000 beetle's cd plug stereo part	This harness wires to the back of your aftermarket cd player, then plugs into the harness to the car.
wll work 2001 honda accord exv6 6 speakers 6 cd changer reason ask says 4 speaker connecter	This is the same wiring harness that Crutchfield supplies for Hondas with the 6 disc changer.
work 1996 mercedes c220	Truthfully do not know used it on a 1997 Audi Cabriolet
fit 1999 golf	It should. I went thru the 'vehicle checker' on Amazon, and that tool says the 70-1784 should fit all trim models of a 1999 Golf: GL, GLS, GTI, & TDI. I also checked a few other sites since some comments here said the Amazon tool wasn't accurate. 
taking blaupunkt mp3cd dual din 2003 ford focus anyone know need	If y ou are installing it into a vw , it is very useful. I'm not sure about the dual din . Most vw are single din dashboards .
fit chrysler 2004 town country	I installed it in 2002 so I think so , its a good kit!! easy to install
fit 03 jeep tj tall opening slot underneath looks narrow	Don't know about Jeep since mine was for a Dodge Ram 1500, but if it was the thicker unit with multi disc then it might fit. Opening is pretty slim, can't fit much there, maybe a very slim phone with no cover on it or a few cds. 
kit fit xo vision xd103 radio	The xo vision xo103 is a half din size radio. This mount is for a single din. You would have to modify the mount. Or try and find an adapter plate. I see no half din mounts for 98+ Dodge/Chrysler.
dash kit supposed fit sony mexn4000bt 03 jeep liberty	It didn't fit my 05 dodge ram I don't know about a jeep
fit 1998 vw passat	I'm not sure. It worked like a charm in my 98 Golf, however. I installed a new radio myself.
allow enough forward protrusion single din unitto allow attachhment detachable moniter screen	Im not sure but i dont think so because its kind of flush in.
fit sony n5000bt 2001 jeep grand cherokee	Indeed it will. Single din h/u.
fit 2003 dodge ram 2500	It fit great in my 2005 Dodge Ram 1500.
fit 2004 jeep grand cherokee laredo jvc kdr330 single din receiver	go to crutchfield and ask them that what I did I put mine in my Dodge Neon
fit kenwood kdc 152	This would not fit the single DIN Pyle stereo I bought. Also, the little storage slot size below is basically useless any way. I tried to make this one fit only to have to purchase the mount without the storage slot which worked perfect.
would harness work installing aftermarket radio	Jacob This harness is for installing an aftermarket radio into a VW. The connector on this harness mates with the plug that you take out of the back of the VW radio when you remove from the car. I then spliced the harness provided with the aftermarket radio we purchase onto the wiring from this Metra harness. 
help stereo stand single din stereo fit 04 dodge ram 1500	It helps it cause of the small pocket at bottom of dash kit.
colors positive negative third wire	WHITE,BLACK GROUND
siren sound 12v dc connected addition signal needed	With just the batteries and connected wireless thru the hub The siren and light works when alarm gets activated.
produce one solid tone sound hilo alternating tone	it makes a high pitched wawawawawawaw. ear deffening. my neighbors hate it so, yes it works great.
siren thats 6 watts 8ohms 9165 volts dc 550ma max compatible siren	It's perfect for a home or auto alarm audible speaker
connect siren panic button make noise need	I have not done that , but it makes sense to me, that when the wall mount is active, so is the siren.( it is connected directly by speaker wire), When I forget to disable, it goes off every time.
guage wires come alarm	For a run under 20' 18 ga. was good enough for my application. The existing wire on my indoor siren was 18ga. (2'). In this situation with a 12v dc siren there is no heavy amp draw like a motor would have so the wire size is not critical for short runs.
wire alarm directly alarm part alarm system wire wiring panel	Home alarm systems may vary so I would advise consulting your home alarm system company for any technical support.
work 2003 nissan march	I am no expert in auto wiring. The system I purchased was designed for a number of vehicles, including the one I installed it in. If your vehicle is included in the documentation, it will probably work. 
alarm siren 5 155 db 12 vcd question operated source power operate device battery operated	This is a car or house alarm system siren. I bought it to go outside my house in addition to the inside siren to make sure my neighbors hear my alarm going off. It hooks up to the bell connection on the wiring panel, along with and on top of the inside siren wires. It is powered by the system which I believe is 12vdc. 
work 2009 xterra also stock tweeters still work	Joe - You might try going to the mfr's website to see if there's a compatibility chart. I'm thinking there was. The Kenwood unit I chose does not have separate tweeter outputs, so the harness I used didn't provide for them. Many times, the tweeters have their own crossover network attached directly to the tweeter, so connecting them to the standard radio output will still allow them to work. 
powerfull transformer needed power alarm plan use 110 v alarm system	The box says 200ma at 12vdc which is 2.4va. Personally, I use a 12v battery (NP4 - 12V, 4.0ah) with a 300ma charger attached to it to power my whole alarm system, of which the alarm siren is a part. The charger is a simple 12vdc adapter that plugs into the 120 vac outlet. 
required 2003 nissan frontier looking upgrade deck	Yes, that is the correct harness for your Frontier.
work fit 1998 nissan patrol install	the Nissan Patrol is equal to the Nissan Armada in the USA, this harness may Fit. The plugs connect to your Factory harness. 
wiring harness fit bose stereo a2005 nissan 350z enthusiast roadster	Yes
many wires	In the back of the factory head unit, there were three outlets with wire harnesses plugged in. Two of the harnesses matched the Metra 70-7550 perfectly and the third harness had only a couple wires and it was for the CD player of the head unit. I did not use this third harness when installing the new stereo.  
work bose unit	Probably not. I used to work in the industry ( 1983-2007 ( not an installer)), and my memory tells my there were always special harnesses for Bose. Bose was always somewhat proprietary. 
power factory tweeters	i do not want to sound as though i am an expert, i can only tell you that it will more then likely work on Nissan's 1995 to 2006 stock radios. 
wire dimmer switch	Yes
need	The source from your vehicle plugs into this harness and the other end plugs into your new stereo.
light power switch showing	Hi Daniel, there is a green light which lets you know you are protected (I think this indicates grounded also) and a red amber light on the power switch to let you know the strip is turned on or off.
fit 2 pin socket 3 pin socket	3
plug angled	Yes, the plug is angled to the right.
cord grey black green	Grey
friend mine gave keyboard wondering mousesmice would compatible	If I'm remembering right, there are many mouses that will work with it. I see the picture you put up showing the keyboard and mouse, but in the picture I don't see the transmitter that plugs into the back of your computer and that communicates with your mouse. 
keyboard number caps lock indicator light	Yes
keyboard fine mouse dead replace similar microsoft wireless mouse work keyboard	Start with the easiest first - did you replace the batteries in the mouse? If you did alreay, try reconnecting by pressing the connect button on the mouse with a pencil tip.
mouse wheel work scroll lock comfort keyboard 10 also right clicklleft click work copypaste	Never tried to use the mouse wheel as scroll lock, but it does let you scroll and it works pretty smooth. 
keyboard compatible mac	Any USB keyboard will work with any Mac; in most cases, ditto for any bluetooth keyboard as long as it conforms to the bluetooth standards. 
keyboard tilt tilted fingertips end 'downhill' wrists	Unfortunately, it does not. It has "kickstands" towards the back so it leans opposite of what you are looking for. 
total amps handle	it states 15A on the strip
strip ul listed	Yes
wireless microsoft mouse compatible keyboard keyboard light indicate lower upper case letters	Yes to both. There are lights for Caps Lock, Num Lock, Scroll Lock, etc just like most other keyboards. 
keyboard wireless	My keyboard is wired. I am not sure that Fellowes comes in wireless, but you could check with the Manufacturer if you are interested in a wireless unit. 
write support removable	No, it is a one piece unit.
anything share key pressurefeelfeedback ms 4000 stiff liking like feel like pressing something	As a former MS 4000 user, I can assure you that the Fellowes is just perfect, rather soft, but you feel like you are pressing something, it just clicks perfectly.
keyboard raised middle ie higher split lower towards left right sides like ms natural elite	Yes
long hte wire connect computer	looks like a pretty standard length about 3 feet
demensions	It's 1 3/4" long, 1 1/4" wide, and 1/2" high.
q work velbon exmacro	The Quick Release Plate You need for the EX-Macro is the QB-32
work velbon luxi l 2 tripod	Our records indicate that the QB-3B Plate is the correct plate for the Velbon Ultra Luxi L2
also work velbon ultra maxil instructions says qb3b right piece wanted confirm	Yes, it does.
measurements hey guys measurements keyboard	I measured 19"x 9.5" x 2.5" with kickstands UP.
long cord keyboard	The cord on the Fellowes Microban Split Design keyboard is 6 feet long.
replace battery	Press the button on rear of mouse where the palm of your hand rests. This releases the cover on top of the mouse which lifts up. There is one AA battery inside.
bought used microsoft wireless desktop elite keyboard model 1011 mouse work	Yes, I have found this mouse is compatible with all keyboards and software. 
possible change orientation click wheel want web pages scroll opposite direction	Method depends on your operating system, and involves a registry edit. 
go back button	maybe the mouse should 'go back' in the box.
use product product defective something I right	If you call Microsoft Supplemental Parts (800-360-7561 toll free USA & Canada) they will give you a fax no.(716-447-7330). All you have to do is fax them as follows: 1) To: Microsoft Supplemental Parts 2) Your first & last name 3) Your complete address 4) Your telephone number 5) Your email address 6) A photocopy of the bottom of your mouse (make sure that the Product ID information on the mouse is legible). Hth, pv
outdated images	Just purchased one August 22 and the USB dongle is indeed different. It is smaller and without the curved piece.
replace optical mouse 2000	Yes
fit 1998 toyota 4runner	It will fit any vehicle with the standard opeining.
microsoft wireless notebook optical mouse 3000 microsoft wireless notebook optical mouse 3000 work windows 7	It looks like it doesn't but I need the answer too so I'll keep looking. Thanks for asking this, hope someone finds the answer. It looks like this link may hold the answer but I can't check it out right now. 
mouse work laptop windows 7	as long as you have a usb port yes and very well.
fit 2004 chevy tahoe	Yes no problem
fit 95 honda accord ex sedan	This antenna is a "universal" fit item. It is NOT specific to any particular vehicle. If you have a suitable, relatively flat mounting surface, you can probably use it.
wild fit 1995 chrysler cirrus	The radio cord on this is not long enough for the Cirrus, you'll need a 72" cord or an extension radio cord along with this. Try this one Metra 44-GM935B 5 Base Universal Application Antenna for GM J-Body (Black) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B000COUZ5Y/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_2YTuvb1196FNS
long rubber mast swivel ball top mast	About 12-14"
fit 2005 nissan xterra	This is a generic unit for boats, campers and utility vehicles. It may fit your Xterra, but would probably require body modifications.
fit ford f 150 truck year 2001 v6	I never installed it.
fit 1999 ford ranger	Probably but it's pretty cheap and doesn't pull in the stations like a quality solid whip antenna.
fit 2005 nissan xterra	I don't know for sure. It snugs into the hole in the back trunk area of my Toyota Camry where there was once my electric antenna. I just put the mast wire down through the hole in above the back wheel, there is a metal clip that adjusts underneath the mast connection that locks it against the inside of the trunk area and then I plugged the wire end into the radio reception connector and all was good. l
fit 2010 toyota tundra side mounted	Will side mount
work desktop work desktop pc	yup, it works with any desktop pc and mac as long as there is a USB port
replace battery	Press the button on rear of mouse where the palm of your hand rests. This releases the cover on top of the mouse which lifts up. There is one AA battery inside.
possible change orientation click wheel want web pages scroll opposite direction	Method depends on your operating system, and involves a registry edit. Google 'reverse mouse wheel' for details. Here is a Windows 7 link... http://www.vvse.com/blog/blog/2012/02/27/reverse-scrolling-on-windows-7/
bought used microsoft wireless desktop elite keyboard model 1011 mouse work	Yes, I have found this mouse is compatible with all keyboards and software. Doesn't take anything special, just plug the usb adaptor in the usb and it will work.
work desktop work desktop pc	yup, it works with any desktop pc and mac as long as there is a USB port
go back button	maybe the mouse should 'go back' in the box.
use product product defective something I right	If you call Microsoft Supplemental Parts (800-360-7561 toll free USA & Canada) they will give you a fax no.(716-447-7330). 
mouse work laptop windows 7	as long as you have a usb port yes and very well.
telescope work well &amp clear see moonetc 8yr old novicedont want plastic toy butneither telescope fit expert	I gave this to my daughter when she was 10. 
telescope come carrying case	No
tripod full size table top	Its a full size tripod
outdated images	Just purchased one August 22 and the USB dongle is indeed different. It is smaller and without the curved piece.
come screw eyepiece solar filter	Yes
telescope made	It is made in China
replace optical mouse 2000	Yes
microsoft wireless notebook optical mouse 3000 microsoft wireless notebook optical mouse 3000 work windows 7	It looks like it doesn't but I need the answer too so I'll keep looking. 
barlow lens optics good like 3 elements lens	sorry i have no background on lenses.
use tripod camera well	No
make powerseeker 60az model wifi compatible control smartphone	I'm always the person to say that there is a way to make something do what you want it to do, but with this model I would say no. 
work see across 3 ac see people stealing horse	yes it will :D
work raspberry pi	Yes, but from what I've heard audio is dropped. There is also a separate standard audio port on the RPi that can be used to transfer audio separately (to the monitor or to speakers).
acer aspire without hdmi port standard port like thicker end picture hook cord see movies tv	Your Acer has a DVI port. Yes you can use this cable. However, you won't be able to have the sound since this cable carries only the image. 
would good five six year old boy	yes!!!
older computer dvi output graphic card hdmi input lcd tv cable work output older computer	Yes it should. I did the opposite with hdmi out to dvi in and this cable is supposed to work either way so yes it should
item hookup computer tower long take get zip 33542 usa	It is a DVI to HDMI cable and works for computer towers and monitors. It takes about 2 to 5 business days. Thanks.
mean without ce	I'm not sure what "without CE" means either but I would like to know before I buy this. Could it be the CE Mark: "The CE Mark is an identification mark that indicates that a product has complied with the health and safety requirements as published by European Directives. 
wish connect cable converter unit install cintiq 12wx dvii unit hdmi laptop think work	Not sure - but I'd like to say it will, however, if it doesn't just return it.
wil cable connect dvi monitor hdmi intell nuc get sound	No... dvi will pick up only video... we have to separately connect another cable separately for audio... May be stereo and rca..
shipped usa	Yes I'm in the US. It's a Direct TV cable not a Gefen, I have tried to change it on Amazon but it won't let me.
surge protector power strip used buying something without joules rating help need whole tv setup	Definitely a surge protector and is not MOV based, but a TVS diode surge protector. 
work 4k resolution	Hello, As far as I know it will work with 4k just fine. But if you spent the money for a 4k monitor I would look for a larger diameter cable with shielding.
want confirm adapter used mac pro want connect dell monitor dvid mac pro hdmi ok	I did not have success using this product to connect a MacBook Pro to a number of different monitors. I connected a the DVI-D end with a dongle to my mac, and I plugged the HDMI port into the monitors. 
back box metal	Yes - - FYI it seems that other brands use this item under their own names - - - so maybe some other company sells these @ a lower price. 
made usa	Today everything is made in china, but with the quality control of the designer country So, don't worry about the country
protection indicator led top strip always switch	Yes always on
eliminate hum want know eliminate hum 10hz 60hz	his will not take out a bad grounding situation!! power conditioners do not do that. 
need grounded protection offers old ungrounded plugs give amplifiers hum	I experience no hum. Have not had any problems with this product.
surge protector ul listed	It is on the unit marked UL
could help cut crackling headphones hear would could help ground pc	Possible, but if your computer is working well otherwise to be honest your power is probably fine. It's cheap enough to try.
besides surges help protect power drops brownouts lights dimming audio dropouts	Your question would indicate that you want a UPS, and uninterrupted power supply; no it doesn't do that but it does prevent damage from power surges. 
work watching tv	You can but those are not the best headphones for watching TV. They were made for studio mixing. You'll get too much bass frequencies. Not the sound quality you want for that purpose (Hi-Fi).
work oldfashioned cd player wirelessly cord special adapter required	So they have a 1/4 in plug (standard CD players, phones etc. use 1/8 in) they need an adapter for most things (8$ radio shack, probably a lot less on Amazon) unless you are using them for studio or guitar amps. 
anyone know amount current pop breaker assume 15 amps cannot seem confirm	I use it with my dj setup, running 2 powered speakers, computer mixer, music controller and lights, and so far I've not tripped anything. 
listen mostly classic rock computer home stereo compare athm30 headphones better	I like them . I use them playing live music thru my Amp. I use them when I record my music. 
hook directly camera 35mm connection	No. These headphones have a quarter inch jack. You will need to buy a separate adapter for it
long cord	Apromx. 11 ft.
person get extension thata connects cable 11' would lilke 13' cable	Radio Shack sells connector cables that will extend the length of the cord - he will need to ask for a quarter inch female jack at one end , and a quarter inch male jack on the other end - pretty common sense application...
use headphones listen guitar playing guitar amp	Comes with the 1/4" phone plug end, for smaller you will need an adapter. I don't have any reason why you can't plug the M40 into your guitar amp. 
one naive question cable plug directly laptop need connector good listening music	Yeah u need a connector. Wouldn't recommend for listening to music on the go, the cables long and with the connector it looks unsightly. 
difference skullcandy hesh	I looked up the Hesh on Amazon, and I see that the cord is 4' long and unplugs from the phones when you want to carry or store them. 
type connector cable use headphone end replaced standard 35 mm auxilary audio cable use pc	It is 6.3 mm. For an engineer, it might be possible to replace it, but as an average customer, I do not think it could be replaced my myself. So I bought an adapter from 6.3 to 3.5.
used connect laptop seagate expansion 1tb portable external hard drive usb 30	I don't know the answer to your question. What I can say is this cable seems to take more time to charge phone/tabs and also I get warnings at time that I have too many apps running to properly charge the phone/tab all at the same time. 
use cable connect computer one room usb keyboard usb mouse adjacent room	Yes as long as it stretches from one room to the other.
dimensions female end piece	As it looks in the picture. About twice the size of an USB male connector in every direction. The cable is still working strong, couldn't be happier with it.
usb extender works webcam device	I have not specifically used it with a webcam, but i do use it with a Motorola wireless bar code scanner and it is flawless. 
purchased 16' red light comes one post shows red light connected	Yes
extensionrepeater cable work apple usb superdrive cable superdrive 12 long	Hi Sue. I really cannot say for sure if it will work. I can verify though that the specific cable worked without any problems when I had to connect to it another USB cable, both totaling 10 meters in length. 
32 ft cable 16 ft cable item cbusbxt top line description says 32 ft descriptions refer 16 ft	Whatever is in your cart is what you get. The info and reviews are aggregated over the same product of different lengths.
buy 16 foot extension cable long attached device cable I I would use print b&ampw laser printer thanks	Generally, a ten foot extension is as long as you want to go past a powered device. 
work extend chargingpower cord ipad	It should as long as the power source of the USB can supply it
cdrrw unit play cd's burnt computer	Yes, it does. I should also say I've had my Emerson unit for over two years, and have played it every day for at least an hour, often up to 3-4. 
blind cd book reader one problem stop pick left memory wherever stopped	Hello!. I've had a -LOT- of experience with the Emerson radio cd player in question and I also bought one for a friend and in my considered opinion it is a "Junk Unit".
need replace power cord pd5098 find replacement	I bought one and it broke also - same thing power cord - I just trashed it
buy replacement antenna	I guess from the company ?, look in the booklet or google the radio model something should show up .I never had to replace the antenna so I do not know.
spare membranes	Yes it does
capacitor already connected positive side terminal end wire connected anything	Connect the wire to the end of the capacitor
pieces come price	It's also not returnable. I didn't find that out until I got it and attempted to return it and they said it couldn't because it was a "hazardous material" BS
use stereo ps3 headset extender	Yes. As long as you are just extending the USB device you are wanting to use yes you can use this.
amazon sell ac cord radio need	I bought this and when it came time to use the CD player, it didn't work. Just the radio. And they wouldn't take it back to let me return it. So I suggest you try it out as coon as you get it.
fit 2010 toyota camry dashboard	no it will not very big you would have to custom it sounds great tho worth the money well built
hook tweeter capasitor connect positive capasitor	Typically, a non polarized capacitor is supplied or you need to find one and it really does not matter which terminal you connect the capacitor to. For simplicity, you can connect one end of the capacitor to the positive wire from the amp or head unit and the other end of the capacitor to the positive terminal of the tweeter.The positive terminal should either be labeled (+) or marked red. 
48ohm meaning	You can put an ohm meter across the leads and check ,but with crossover attached its not going to amke a differance .The inpedance will be very high and not make a differance on the overal inpedance.The ohms will be important in calculating the crossover .
come crossover bass blocker	It comes with a 6.2uF 250V Capacitor which blocks low frecuencies and lets highs go through. great tweeter.
pair tweeter one piece	Single speaker
need bundle offiice work	Yes, but make sure if you are using a Polycom phone, then you would need to purchase an extra piece of accessory to support your handset while you are using the lifter.
product work multiline nortel desk telephone	Don't have a Nortel but a multi line system and it works fine.
compatible panasonic phone kxtg9471	Yes, all you are doing with this hands free handset is running the line that plugs into the handle, through this device. Most office phones like the KXTG8471 operate in the same manner. 
price pair bullet	One. Make sure they fit because it's considered "hazardous material" so you can't return it.
hook amp subwoofers would better hook radio	Yes you can hook to the subwoofer
work phone base dial pad built charger portable phone	No not really, it comes with phone and connections, I try using another phone but it just wont work.
item actually come lifter headset price shown need order separately	Malaney, It comes with both plus multiple ear pieces if you prefer those. Jason
work avaya 5410	I am not sure
connect phone via usb rj11 35mm see info anywhere	It connects via a regular phone cord.
work regular home line officepbx type system	It will work with a normal corded phone. The wireless receive connects between the phone base and handset.
blink phone rings need something notify phone ringing	No, only when you are actually on the phone.
mount wall stand	The light can either hang on the wall or stand, similar to the way a picture frame works.
work voip phone cisco ip phone 7916 I finding 35mm plug attach phone	I have only installed them with Plantronics cordless headsets. There is a connection on the base for this device.
plug got instructions purchase work thought would go thanks	Hi Jenifer, you will need to have the Plantronics headset lifter to use this product. The 3.5mm jack plugs into the back of the lifter, on the bottom, below the toggle switch.
work extension part group call line	We just had a conference call and it worked well for us, but it also might be according to you phone system, but again, I had no problems.
indicate headset mute	Yes it does. As long as the line is active the busy light will also be active.
device compatible sennheiser headsets	The Plantronics headset lifter has a specific port (headphone jack) that this light plugs into, that is meant for this light. 
product come conversation phone coworker using new version stays turns headset	As my phone has a lifter on the headset it only comes on when i start my converstation and then goes off once i end my converstation
long cord get extension need	The cord is about 5.5 feet long. Any excess wraps nicely in a recessed/open area around the unit between the base and the light. 
version idea version	I TOO am looking for version B1, not only on amazon but everywhere online. I havent found any site that actually posts the version they are selling. 
mac compatible I sure missed adapter powermac compatible	Only rev B1 versions of this adapter are mac compatible. A 'how to' can be found here: http://www.macosxhints.com/article.php?story=200602140626039&lsrc=osxh
vista compatibility experience integrating product new vistabased computers linking di524 router	According to their website, this is compatible with Vista. http://www.dlink.com/products/vista-support/
used polycarbonate enclosure boat gets lot salt spray	Yes. It works great. I would recommend caution if salt is on the surface that you do not rub to dry as it may scratch.
please inform product used lenses antireflective without producing damage	According to Zeiss: Cleans without damaging coatings Zeiss Gear Lens Cleaner uses a specially-formulated high-tech fluid to quickly clean all lens surfaces without risk of damage to fragile coatings, especially those with Zeiss anti-reflective multi-layer coatings. 
seller manufacturer say product contains alcohol amonia	Container states that it is ammonia free and does contain isopropanol.
used clean polarized sunglasses	absolutely
ear buds hurt ears need single headphone iphone I driving get adaptor fit iphone wireless	3.5mm M to 1/4-Inch F Adapter by Generic
reason cannot sprayed directly glasses warning electronics might damaged direct liquid contact	I use the Carl Zeiss Wipes version and apply it directly to the lenses. I would think that the warning would be for electronics. With lenses you should be fine.
get replacement ear pad pad odd shape checked manufacturer help	I'm afraid that I don't know where replacement pads can be acquired. I can only recommend buying another headphone, which seems like a waste if the ones you have still work well. Good luck!
'open' 'closed' headphone would like use adr recording 'open' would allow much bleed	They're closed. I used 12 of them on a 12 piece string section with the mic placed 10 feet above the players with no bleed.
item come original packaging plantronics	Yes the product comes in the original package with instructions....I have purchased a few of these and we love them
use left ear need use headphone right ear I deaf left ear	Same here, virus about 25 years ago totaled the left ear. I use it for my right ear with an ipod (adapter jack needed, a couple of bucks), works great. Don't hesitate.
plastic headphone melt acetone comfortable	Don't know about acetone,but the set is comfortable.
fit iphone ipad	this unit has a 1/4 inch plug in you could use with 1/4 to 1/8 adapter its been a good useable head good for most uses.
idea work plugged metal detector	I'm not sure. It would depend on if the detector had enough power to drive them. The power requirements for earbud-type headphones are much less. Best to ask the manufacturer of the metal detector you are using.
ordered received want plug sony home theater hdmi plugs connector work	The headphones have a 1/4 inch plug. There are several adaptors listed on the page which can make it able to be plugged into to a Bluetooth transmitter/receiver, phone/MP3 player, or stereo.
give person unilateral hearing loss ability hear tv sound one ear ie mono	Yes, they are full monophonic headphones, if you plug them into a regular stereo jack they mix the left and right together so you get the entire program.
fit 4g ipod	I don't see why not.
I confused ecb04 ecb004	i got one of these for my mxr flanger (evh) and it is ECB-004 18v power supply...
universal voltage adaptor 110240v	I have no idea. But I would imagine not. Mine, on 110v, screeched like a banshee. I had to return it.
ilive sound bar takes dc 18 volt power supply work	I would say to be on the safe side, take the info on both of these units and go ask an electrician at a local electrical shop. 
work carbon copy	No, the carbon copy runs on 9 volt power, this is an 18 volt supply.
work dime distortion pedal	Yes
fallon neon open sign adapter says sn 010509 fr001880 100240vac 5060hz class 2 ite 18vdc 2a right angle end whole correct unit dave	I'd recommend that you contact a neon sign place and have then help you. 
amp output	If you're ever unsure about an adaptor for what ever you'll be using it for, take the guitar effect or what ever device it is to a Radio Shack or some place like that and ask them what is the best adaptor for it. 
adaptor ecb003	Hi. I ordered this item as published, and it's the ECB003. I use it with the MXR FullBore Metal.
would work darkglass electronics b7k	Good
voltage output max current safely deliver	The one I have says 9v output at 0.67a. Hope this helps.
universal voltage adaptor 110240v	Looks like it is to me. It has the 110-240v specified on the label.
long cord	About three feet.
power morley bad horsie 2	No. This is an 18 volt supply. Your pedal is 9 volts.
work alesis sr16 drum machine	hello if it serves can use
work rca desk phone current model 52651 came phone hard find l shaped replacement	No I don't think so. This is made for a wah wah pedal (guitar effect). It is not made for telephones. You should look at Radio Shack for telephone accessories.
long cable	I would say 24 inches.
fit bosstype connector	It should fit but make sure it is rated for the same or more mA (milliamps) so you don't damage the BOSS pedal.
unit include cable usb output computer kind output plug	This unit is an inline tube pre-amp. This would typically go between either a mic or an instrument line into either an interface or a power amp/PA system. The only connections into this exceptional sounding pre-amp are XLR (mic connector) and Mono TRS or 1/4 inch Phono plug both in and out ( 2 XLR-1in/1out and 2 1/4 inch-1in/1out). 
support condenser mic needs 48v phantom power mxl770	Yes, the ART MP will supply the 48Vdc phantom power for a condenser mic.
record multiple tracks using audacity software	Yes
unit include usb output cable kind output plug	no - it has standard XLR (balanced) and 1/4" plug inputs and outputs. Note that I found that two examples of the particular pre-amp you are asking about had a hum problem. 
anyone paired akg c214 another comparable large diaphragm condenser mic I looking budget preamp mesh nicely	I use mine with a KBM 412 to mic up a cajon. I route the output through the aux input on my bass amp, and it sounds great to me. It carries bass tones quite well, without losing the mids.
preamp work mic requires 15 10 volts dc	It actually outputs 48V, so there is a substantial risk of damaging your mic if it's maximum voltage is 10V. 
ecb03 adapter work dunlop jh1fw pedal	only use what type it calls for or it will damage it grasshopper
anyone ever make battery pack use really portable option long last set	Transformer has a 9vac output not DC it would be may be easier to just buy a UPS to power it
easy open want replace stock tube electroharmonix 12ax7eh preamp tube	There is only four little screws: two on each side and I have never taken the cover off, but it seems easy.
preamp come power cord	It comes with a AC Adaptor
eq switch left right speaker one unit left side one right	Stereo EQ
stereo imaging feature anyone know exactly works simply panning adjustment phase adjustment modulation delay	It's a not panning adjustment. It's a left right mix from mono to full stereo separation at halfway followed by a depth / spacalizer from half way to full. 
work 220volt electricity	My wall outlet provides 120 Volts and the device operates normal. However the specification says this equalizer can operate from 100 V to 240 V.
read different places one background noise true still using digital ta	I do not have this problem with my DEQ1024, I use it with my Karaoke system and it actually is working very well for me. T
safety equipment	Not sure what you mean exactly. I use mine all the time in my studio and I have had no problems with it.
way lock sliders make tamper resistant unauthorized users won''t lose settings	No way haha. TBH this thing is a piece of crap. It's got TONS of inherent noise. 
many rack spaces take	2 rack spaces.
question product placedo top drum played flat surface	it can be placed on a flat surface, it would probably fall of a drum tho. i believe the description says it will mount to most cymbol stands and there's also a remo stand for it, although its in the area of $40 for the stand
hi got preamp today meter seems stuck red zone normal please help	Well first check you input gain but on mine the meter suddenly maxed out then dropped to nothing and hasn't worked since. That was on the first day of use. 
good practice	It's good. You need to practice and it's better than banging a drum and getting on everyone's nerves. Quality is good, price is right and the head is replaceable.
hi wondering price 1 2 speakers thanks alot	I bought these speakers some time ago - the price is for 1 speaker. Hey, at the price Amazon is asking, if you have to purchase 2 separately it's worth it. I used mine on a rebuild of an old set of Pioneer cabinets and they sound great. Hope this helps.
anyone tell large opening midrange thanks	5 inch and it will fit right in!
looking something home studio go mixer interface interface computer improve voice sound	Going to a computer suggests you're using a DAW (recording software or Digital Audio Workstation) which also means you should have an EQ within your software. If there is no EQ VST to be had inside your software, then yes. This CAN help. 
difference normal speakers &umldriver speakers&acute thanks	No real difference. Some people say midrange speaker, some say midrange driver . Theyre both talking abouut the same thing
replace woofers radio shack prox88av	No... These are rated as Mid-range drivers, so their frequency response would not go deep enough to reproduce bass notes. You might hear some bass, but it won't be good loud bass that a woofer would produce.
hook speakers	No, this is a traditional high quality drum pad, used for practice. Not electronic or digital.
anyone tell large opening midrange thanks	I wana say 3.5 inchs deep and its about 5.25inchs in diameter
centertocenter distance mounting screws opposite adjacent thanks	I hope that understood your question correctly: The center-to-center distance between mounting screws opposite (diagonally) is 123 mm. = 4.84252" The center-to-center distance between mounting screws adjacent is 86 mm. = 3.385827"
long usb cord	This is an XLR mic, not USB.
pylepro pdmr5 5'' high performance midrange driveris price single pair	Was a long time ago but it was a single and I bought 2 of them.
item come shock mount	Yes it does works well
understand need xlr cable use audio interface work mic need mixer work	The audio interface would need to be able to supply 48v Phantom power required for this type of microphone.
I looking buying one want know else buy order use mic blue icicle	This microphone requires 48 volt phantom power. If you want to use it with your PC you will need a icicle (or a microphone preamp that has phantom power). You will also need a Female XLR to USB adapter cable if you plan on using a preamp. 
working innogear phantom power shit working pc toshiba	I don't answer questions when profanity is used.
use xlr usb cable	no you need a digitizer to bypass that otherwise you will experience technical issues hella bent degenerates nj youtube coast to coast
I using mic 2 years yamaha mixer suddenly mic work hear click sound regular intervals mic mute	Im not sure. Have you checked to see if the mic isn't mute on the board?
work help home mounted area good service increase service throughout house	Yes, I use it all the time in my house as well as my camper in a remote area with next to nothing for cell service.
tall antenna	Approx.10 inches
work verizon wireless phone travels us two homes reception terrible	i had the same problem. you need to purchase a signal booster and the antenna. makes a ton off difference. 
use uniden bc346xtc trunktracker iii portable compact handheld scanner effective indoor	Possibly, if the fittings match between the antenna and the scanner and you don't mount the antenna in a concrete building.
plugged booster	Yes it can, that's how I am using it, works perfect.
box2 interface mic reason cant hear anything mic	Possibly lack of phantom power option on the device your connecting it to. I use the cad on a boss rc30 loopstation wich has phantom power. Hope that helps.
buy focus rite scarlett interface need make work	The Focusrite Scarlett provides Phantom power. So yes, it should be all you need. You could also use a less expensive alternative, the Icicle. 
would mic work well drum overhead hihat mic maybe even I shall I using 2 overheads	Boy, I don't know. I've only used it for voice over. I would say a capsule mic would probably suite you better, the GXL2200 picks up everything and with a drum mic you don't necessarily want that.
whats female connector	well i got the Wilson Electronics - Sleek - Cell Phone Signal Booster for Single User with an extra Wilson Electronics Dual Band - 800-1900 MHz Magnet Mount Antenna with SMA Male Connector and 10-Foot RG174 Coax...n it doesnt fit it the male connection......
I lookg antenna magnet base I I would prefer car orden increase cellphone signal I road	this antenna is designed to be used with Wilson's mobile signal booster.  
work help home mounted area good service increase service throughout house	Yes, I use it all the time in my house as well as my camper in a remote area with next to nothing for cell service.
tall antenna	Approx.10 inches
work samsung galaxy siii thank	It works with any phone.
work cb radios	It will not it is just for a cell booster the connection is smaller
work verizon wireless phone travels us two homes reception terrible	i had the same problem. you need to purchase a signal booster and the antenna. makes a ton off difference. look at part # 815126 booster # 859970 home kit and 301125 antenna. hope this helps.
booster self work basment	Yes it works anywhere.
use uniden bc346xtc trunktracker iii portable compact handheld scanner effective indoor	Possibly, if the fittings match between the antenna and the scanner and you don't mount the antenna in a concrete building.
work cb radios	It will not it is just for a cell booster the connection is smaller
whats female connector	well i got the Wilson Electronics - Sleek - Cell Phone Signal Booster for Single User with an extra Wilson Electronics Dual Band - 800-1900 MHz Magnet Mount Antenna with SMA Male Connector and 10-Foot RG174 Coax.
I lookg antenna magnet base I I would prefer car orden increase cellphone signal I road	this antenna is designed to be used with Wilson's mobile signal booster. I can't comment on whether or not you can use it as a signal boosting element by itself. I use Wilson's mobile signal booster with it and it does a great job. The magnet is super strong. 
booster self work basment	Yes it works anywhere.
plugged booster	Yes it can, that's how I am using it, works perfect.
work samsung galaxy siii thank	It works with any phone.
best way know need replace compound	It doesn't "wear out." You put a little bit on the top of the CPU and when you install the fan, it spreads it around the top. One application should cover it all. Amount: about a small pea. If the unit keeps overheating, take off the cooler and apply a little more.
many arctic silver 5 thermal compound products best arctic silver 5 product trying find best as5 product cpu	There are several that have been discontinued and a few different application tips. 
xbox 360 red ring death	If you have a 360 that's old enough to need preventive maintenance like using Arctic Silver, you're very lucky. 
work well canon t3i shooting video	run as fast as you can.....away from this tripod. i wasted money on it. the pins which connect the three leg supports to the tripods legs fell out. 
max height says 59 include center fully extended think read comment add 11 u8000 would max max height center fully extended	59 inches is the height with the center fully extended. Remember the lens is going to be a little higher depending on the size of the camera.
use paper	Yes, on a hard floor surface. I dont recommend it on a soft surface (carpet stage) but there is enough on the roll to cut off where subjucts have been standing (getting it dirty) a few times
shelf life artic silver 5 would still good use	I think it lasts for several years. Try keeping the tube upright during storage.
pan smoothly enough video	The panning is not jittery, I found it smooth.
put wall take picture record video event	If you want your subject not moving , yes , but the W is not wide enough for moving recording video, I recommend a larger size , and you still need a support pole to hold it up !!
paper wide enough family photographs get 107 wide x 12yards	hmmmmm.... this size would be a tight fit. If you could stack the family tight and tall this would work, but again - a tight fit. 
kind glue use glue wall used projector screen	I'd recommend using a frame to hang it on the wall, not glue. But, if you insist, probably rubber cement. 
kind stand would recommended type rolls one amazon people would recommend	The roll it self is fairly heavy, I made my own stand out of PVC pipe. 
big feet	4 feet 5 inches
cut whatever length need hang clamps put whole roll roll needed	Both ways will work. I cut my mine to the lengths I need and reuse it. 
filters color name printed	They are not printed directly on them. There is a card behind each filter that has the info on it.
purchased swatchbook want use speedlite saw someone pull cto gel small tight	You don't pull them out. You unscrew the screw in post that holds them all together and take them out and put them back the same way. Look at the post that holds them, it screws apart.
easy roll back	Yes.
looking take photos auto parts paper durable easily dirty thanks	It is reasonably durable, much like the material that are used to make manilla folders. Dirty? Yes they can easily become soiled...you just need to have clean objects.
size filter	They are 1 1/2" x 3 1/4"
anyone else trouble getting filters one get without tearing filter thanks help guys ended using grip pliers dad pop top screw long rod	I use a pair of needlework scissors.
f50 6mp versus f31 sensor f50 perform toned 6mp versus f31	I would really like to get an answer to this question as well. 
fast good detail fuji f50	at res of less than 3MP it can go up to 5fps see more specification details at: http://www.fujifilm.com/products/digital_cameras/f/finepix_f50fd/specifications/index.html
video	Yes, it has video capability. However, I did not own this camera long before the focus stopped working and I had to buy a new camera. 
sensor f3031 f40 anyone know camera based f30 series widely acclaimed incredible lowlight performance f40 different sensor perform well lowlight conditions	According to this New York Times 12/07 roundup of &lt; $300 pocket digital cameras http://www.nytimes.com/2007/12/06/technology/personaltech/06pogue.html the F50fd bested all of the other cameras in the review for image quality, and specifically for low-light situations. 
headphones speakers used time two people listen one needs headphones	Not that I'm aware of.
riaa equalizer circuit playback phonograph like lp records rca connectors alone sufficient	No. You will have to buy a separate converter if you want to play LP's.
unit come remote control	It does, and two AAA batteries to power it.
correct size wattage speaker buy	It's 100 Watts per channel but you can run speakers with it that are not rated to go up that high in watts so long as you don't turn the volume up too high.
see width 13 inches depth height listed someone provide dimensions	It's NOT 13" wide. That is the depth. It's approximately 17.5" W and 5.5" H. Buyer beware.
connect powered sub unit	No it will not accept. Very limited receiver
operate b speakers time	No u can't !
change bass treble volume&gt	Yes, in the tone settings with remote
speaker impedence	I hooked mine up to 8ohm and it works fine.
capability connect nonipod mp3 player smartphone	Not sure about non-apple product. I have used it with iphone, ipod and ipad though. Right now I have a wire running from the otherwise unused RGB "Tape" input connectors to a 3.5 mm "headphone" jack. 
correct assuming works canon 70 heavy long 200 mm zoom thanks	I use Nikon, but I expect it will work just as well with Canon. It is very sturdy; I cannot imagine any combination of lens and camera that it will not comfortably support. 
work spotting scope set primarily cameras	It should work with a spotting scope if your scope has the threaded receiving hole for mounting. The slik is very adaptable
curious know pro 700dx works well occasional video applications d4 would like take video whippet running	Sorry this is so late, but hopefully this will help. As far as stability is concerned, this tripod won't let you down. 
I photographing jewelry macro truly seamless background actually able see grain background	no you can't see the grain. it's a thick paper, no pattern or anything
tripod include carrying bag	Yes
angle head tripod towards ground without adjusting legs	Yes -in fact there is one control lever for pointing camera up/down, and a second to rotate camera along lens axis for portrait/landscape orientation. 
used celestron skymaster 25x100 binoculars	That's if it has a screw on mount like a dslr camera ? If it does I highly recommend this tripod I own one and it's absolutely amazing. Http://500px.com/photoswithjoel
everio camcorder fit	The slik pro has a detachable part that is shaped like a hockey puk. It can attach to any camera that has the standard threaded hole
come release plate	yes it does.
tripod conventional quick release connection cameras	It has the round quick release mount, where the round part fits the bottom of the camera. If you would like me to send a close up pic of let me know.
need head pan smoothly jerky product	Once you understand how to use the tripod, including how to mount the camera on the panhead (there is a right way and there is a wrong way, both possible to do), in my view it works just fine.
remote allow link 2 tvs link additional tvs	Yes. Each receiver only has one RCA plug capability. Not sure about extra TV's unless you can buy an extra receiver.
want transmit tv channel living room tv kitchen dish tv living room unit want	This product worked fine for me. I used it to transmit a TV signal (satellite & cable) from a TV in my bedroom to a portable TV that I used in other rooms or outside on the patio. Signal quality was good, but I did notice some degredation when people walked around alot. I hope this helps!
connect scientific atlantic explorer 4250hdc cable box cannot get signal extra television	Deta, I'll need more info about what you've done so far. I have to assume that you've followed the instructions that came with the RF Link - if you've wired up the transmitter at your cable box and the receiver to your extra T,V, making sure that you've got the red, white, and yellow cables going to the same colored connectors on the box and TV and the RF Link isn't defective, then you may have too much distance between the cable box and the extra TV. 50-75ft is a good distance. You also want to make sure that there is no large metal object (refrigerator, metal cabinet) in the DIRECT path between the 2 link boxes. 
would hook dish satellite	There are two components, one is a transmitter the other is the receiver. The transmitter would take the AV cables from the dish box. the receiver would be in another room and connect to a TV... quite simple
transmitter receiver included another $68 receiver please advise	Yes, both are included.
work directv	I have HD cable (only on one base TV) but since it is just a rebroadcast of the base unit I don't see why it would not-it works with Tivo or a Blue ray player it just sends the signal from your base set up. This way the TV you are sending it to has all of the features of your main base TV. 
substitute hd cable box supplied cable company use two tvs unable connected box wall location	Not an HD device. It will substitute for a second box and will bring in all the channels, but it will not be an HD picture on your second TV.
receiver work avs5811 transmitter	That is the transmitter I have and I am using this receiver.
use device listen music home theater receiver beats wireless bluetooth headphones anywhere house	The RF Link AVS is not a Bluetooth system device. 
gedget hooks computer transmit tv wireleless	only if the computer has RCA outs... sound and video...
many receviers work one transmitter	Not sure exactly but I have 4 working from one transmitter.
difference one called transmission system ir repeater I confused	This one is just the receiver. The Transmission system with IR repeater is the one you would need if you're just setting up your system. 
connect verizon cable box watch cable tv another tv wifi buit	these have to have cables going from the rf transmitter to the Verizon cable box. the receiver isn't wireless so you would have to run red, yellow and white rca cables to your tv. 
hook room receiver living room watch two different stations tv would watch show	You would have to watch the same show.
high gain antenna works ea 6500	Did you consider a range extender such as: Linksys - Wireless-N Range Extender with Ethernet Port, approx $60 or less? That may do the job.
work linksys re6500	Hi Sol. These high gain antennas should work with the RE6500.
length antennas thanksdoug	It's 11.22 inches long.
want use equipment wirelessly connect onkyo dxc390 cd changer onkyo drun7 dvd receiver right track	If they both have RCA (R Y W) connections, you'll use the Red and White, it should work. Looks like you'll need a RCA to headphone adapter on the DR-UN7. hope this helps
many antennas get one two antennas kit	2
used linksys e4200 router	No, the E4200 uses an internal antenna. Also, the E4200 has a great range so if you're having connection problems you may want to invest in a Wi-Fi extender.
would make sense use top ear phones want listen sound tracks play want pay extra $20	If the ear buds are small ( iPhone compatible ear buds) they fit snugly with Vic firths head phones. That's a great idea!! Hope this helps.
want use studying would good choice	Yes, bought them for my son as a drummer in marching band. Once he graduated, my daughter now uses them to study in a noisy apt complex.
good reducing jet noise long haul flights	Yes
headphones input wires example want play headphones listening music happen	Not these. These just cancel sound. Keep searching Vic Firth does make a pair like you want for around $50
sounds headphones block 'highs' would good practicing guitar headphones would suggest guitar player	Hi.. I would check out the 3M Peltor series of ear phones for noise reduction.. I use them for drums and works great.
work verizon fios router	You have to check if your connections match the antennae connections. I am not familar with your router. One time I fitted a Linksys router with these antennae, flashed the router with DD-WRT, then plugged the Linksys router into the Quest Router (a crappy OEM router, maybe similar to your Verizon router) and used the new router as the main wireless router since it had the upgraded antennae. 
help block loud traffic going house really loud rap music like 100 feet away outside house fromneighbor's parties	It will help block out loud traffic & rap music, however if you are going to wear them for a long period of time, I would suggest good small ear plugs such as Mack's Earplugs. 
likely fit comfortably 11 year old boy	They may be a little large but I think they will fit. I bought them for my daughter when she was twelve and they worked great. 
decibels noise product protect user	Hi Mrs. Mac, Hearing damage from excess noise occurs as a function of both time and intensity. An 80 dB noise will damage your ears after 8 hours of exposure. 
length cable comes	It's been a long time since I owned mine but I would guess the cord was in the 10 foot area. Use to sit right along side the RV so its hard to tell. Great unit though. Only took 10 to 15 min to hook it up.
elderly mother going deaf likes put radio tv full blast would block noise next room	Yes, but I warn you that they are rather tight.
unit work iwthout directtv receiver want hook digital converter regular tv viewing camping	must use ku band free to air receiver to work.97 degrees west. 200 channels free
work arabsat	Don't know, works with direct tv
dish work directv hr24 receiver	Yes it will, but you may be better off get a dish that will auto line up with the satillite. I used this dish several times, sometimes I could line up with the satillite without any problems, but other times, I could not. 
fit cr8005a turntable	I'm happy to say it Works like a charm.
fit model cr48ph	Sorry, I have no idea, but the NP1 looks like a fairly generic needle to me.
fit memorex 9208 antique style turntable	I don't believe so because the construction is similar but that imperticular model requires a full metal arm holding the needle as aposed to the plastic arm plus I think the shape is different.
would work fisher mt223	No it will not fit.
fit player purchased urban outfitters	What model is it?
product dimensions correct	It seems to me that they must be correct. I ordered this for someone else in need, I got their player information and this fit perfectly.
fit studebaker sb6051	Yes it will fit
work jenson player	Only if it is a NP1 needle.
inside dimensions case	These measurements are not absolutes because the case is flexible. In inches it is about 6.25 tall, 5.50 wide and 2 deep. My Swarovski EL 8X32 fit in fine and because the closure clip is adjustable a taller binocular would fit as well - this gives you about another inch in height. 
work crosley executive player calls np6 box	Its supposed to work but to be honest it barely works on the player it was meant for. I am still searching for a good replacement
fit jensen jta460 model	No
case belt loops	It has one large (4") vertical loop in the back.
fit 7x50 pro prism bino $ send australia via economy parcel thanks jonatan	The case is a tight fit for my 8x45's. I doubt it will fit a 50.
neck sholder strap	Yes
measurements case	it is 6 X 5 3/4 X 2
need extend range item trick	This is no longer true, you can extend your network as long as your wireless router supports wds, see this link http://lifehacker.com/400235/
use apple airport express connect xbox 360 wireless router upstairs house im looking wireless router use xbox 360 ps2 since ps3 wireless im worried use apple	Yes, I have it hooked up as a wireless adapter for my xbox 360 and it works flawlessly. 
work airplay addition older air tunes product advertised work	Yes.
top close tight enough keep rain fold flap	I bought this several months ago for a gift. I don't have it to look at now. As I recall, I wouldn't consider it a water-proof case.
dimensions case size binoculars hold	Demensions (in.): 7 x 6 x 2 There's more in the box with Optics Planet ...
alternative products	Free would be even nicer. What do you want, for what it does, it's cheap!
used play music iphone home stereo speakers well home computer using itunes	Yes to both via iTunes using AirPlay
need buy one speaker system use system buy one stereo &amp computer	One for each stereo system if they arent near each other. It doesnt use anything physically on the computer.
need airprint without wifi would product allow	I don't think so. I recently moved and tried to use this for AirPlay before my internet and wifi was installed and it wouldn't work. 
audio device windows	yes, its called Airfoil and it works very well. $25
may plug external hd airport express usb port	No. It only works with USB printers.
apple airport problem solved solve	would the airfoil program work?
purchased item wondering use lens hood location cannot remove hood uv lens use	You can't use it over your lens hood, but you can use it over your UV filter
use size lens use size lens	I read (somewhere) that someone bought the biggest size they had and he just holds it over the lens to take a reading and doesn't snap it into the filter threads. 
get 77mm disc since different lenses different filter sizes	Yes. The 77 mm will cover most lenses. It only takes a second to white balance your camera with this, so there is no need to attach it to a lens. 
anyone solved arm breakage problem	No! I have ours taped together with lots of Duck tape.
fit nikon d7100 lens 18300mm	The 77mm ExpoDisc will fit any lens that is 77mm or smaller. 
better ear buds foam ones provided comfortable	I know, I don't like the foam ones either. 
work canon 7d	Yes
tamron 2470 28 vc lens work lens 82 mm	You wouldn't get an proper reading on your white balance. The disk should cover the whole end of the lens.
anywhere ican go send tv ears repair get static trying use worked great awhile liked much	I just checked and there is a bunch of choices. Cheapest seems to be under $30, on Ebay.
use another room	No you cannot. They must be able to connect with the system beam. There is another inexpensive brand ($19.99 or $29.99 can't remember which) called My Zone Headphones that will transmit room to room and further which I can recommend especially for the price.
get static sounds hooking propely	Try turning the earphones around on your head, so that the pod now in you left ear goes on you right ear etc. The "receiver" part of my headphones seem to get better reception when one side faces the transmitter than when the other side faces the transmitter
work hooked correctly originally worked reason three months old sound generated earphones	You can call 1-888-883-3277, just don't trust them with your credit card number.
new tv eas able heareven proerly hooked tv help	The power cord must be plugged in, the ears must be charged for a few hours(green charge light on), one end the audio cord must be plugged into the audio OUT on the TV and the other end plugged into the TV Ears receiver, the "on" switch on the ears must be turned on, the volume must be turned up, and the ears must be in a visual line of sight with the TV Ears transmitter. They then should work.
bought tv ears 1032111321 extra headset old one broke work original set get static need	I'm sorry don't like those people. But you could call them and see if they will resolve it, they don't want to hear about the broken ones but if you get one of the nicer people they might help you with the price. 
hold single 35 mm negative shot feed strip	This simple gadget is not designed for negative strips but for one-at-a-time slide viewing. There is little magnification and no light provided. It is not much better than holding a bare slide up to a bright light.
white plastic front dirty inside detached clean click would break way clean	Karen, I've had mine for over a year now. You would have thought the company would have made it so it could be cleaned inside. 
batteries need product	The only batteries you may need are if the power goes out and you want to shine a flashlight behind the opaque plastic back to see your slides. Otherwise, it does not require batteries as it works with natural and electric backlighting.
use put one slide hold light light	yes, it is very simple, it is just to view, does not magnify, at least not much, need good light source with even light to see it the best. it is just for viewing nothing else
read someone used viewer like makeshift optical viewfinder digital camera lcd screen sunlight glare opinions	You can see what is on the LCD screen but it is fuzzy, not clear. Not recommended. I have used mine to put a slide in it that I want to make a digital photo and put it up the the camera on the computer or Iphone and take a photo. Not perfect but workable.
good looking old slides	What do you want? A zoom electric screen projector? Or do you want to identify the worth of an old slide. That is what I use it for. If it is junk. Trash. If it is worthy, digitize it.
use product view 2x2 color transparency slide kodak 750h carousel projector working longer	Joyce, that's exactly what I used it for. We had a box of unmarked slides and I was able to go through them to decide what to keep etc. it's nothing fancy. 
using core 3diag camerascreen viewer anyone know lowcost viewer loupe sized say 214 slide	no.
keep rubber tips falling	I only used "TV Ears" for about 1 year before getting regular hearing aids (which in my case work better). I had no problem with the foam rubber tips falling off. I made myself a couple of little covers (kind of like miniature pillow cases) out of very soft cloth and covered the tips with my covers while using the "TV Ears". 
used watching dvds connect	Sure. What ever audio is delivered from your connected TV set will appear in TVEars. They are independent of what you happen to be watching.
light bulbs included one purchaser said	Ours came with the bulbs :)
anyone found replacements bulbs want order item like get replacement bulbs ordering thanks	we haven't needed them yet after two years of use
maybe silly question battery powered	No, it's 110V.
porta trace logo front removable	Just took a look..and I believe it can be removed-just a stick on label.
I still interested finding get replacement bulbs anyone knows get would appreciate information	I don't know but I'd like to know too. Did you contact the company?
panasonic wireless network camera better also able view dogs cell phone	371A is the best ,but too too too much money .good luck..
error code anyone experienced error code 412002 412029 camera	Yes, it seems to be specific to Panasonic cameras. I believe it is a message indicating that attempting to connect to the camera has timed out. I believe that updating the firmware may help. If not, there may be a condition on your network which is blocking communication on certain ports.
hellooooooooooooo need get advice make purchasewon't kind soul help answer question	i have a system 371a and 6 of 30a run at my business for 7 months very good never problem but one thing very importance is the system from panasonic must have router from panasonic .good luck..
talk pet product	No, it can only listen to sounds in the room - it has a microphone, but no speaker.
buy replacement bulbs	You already asked me this question a few months ago, and I supplied an answer. Best bet is for the lady to check with large companies such as Lowes and Home Depot to see if they might be able to order the bulbs for her. 
router seems block viewnetcamcom would appreciate suggestions	I'm having the same problem. When I ping mydomain.viewnetcam.com it returns my ipaddress, but I still can not access it from another network Viewnetcam.com Displays Viewnetcam.com connection status. Server www.viewnetcam.com Status Enabled (2) Camera URL novellino.viewnetcam.com User-specified DynamicDNS Displays User-specified DynamicDNS connection status. Server Status Disabled UPnP Displays UPnP status. 
accessed different country anyone tried southeast asia camera us	Not sure. Sorry
night vision	Not really, though it can see fairly well in dim light, better than most people.
work mac	No, it doesnt work on Mac because the Active x Control
long electrical cord power supply	It only came with a standard 3' power cord. You supply your own cables
use connect lg nb2530a sound bar optical sony bdps5100 blu ray dvd player coaxial	No this is the wrong device. The C2G 40019 converts a Digital Optical input (from a device like a Blu Ray Player) and converts it to a Coaxial Digital Output to be used as the input on a device like a receiver. 
work xbox 360 optical home theater audio receiver coaxial need one	It works for my xbox one and my ps4 but I am not sure if it works for the 360.
night vision thinking using baby monitor well thanks	No, It has no night vision, in fact , at night you see nothing, though its exellent at day light . There are options in ntework cameras with infrared leds ... Try That . Its better !
insignia lcd wit orange digital optical coaxial sony htct260h soundbar wit optical slot get sound tv soundbar using	Nope. You want this instead: http://www.amazon.com/C2G-40018-Coaxial-Optical-Converter/dp/B0002J2MV4/ref=pd_sim_e_4
bought c2g optical coaxial converter connect apple streamer stereo mixer	the converter box by itself is fantastic try to get a state-of-the-art optical cables to connect to the converter as well as a coaxial digital cable to further enhance the sound
somewhat confused help question suitable yamaha soundbar optical input tvstr tv coaxial output	type this into the search box.coaxial digital audio to optical digital audio converter.if this comes up, the coaxial digital cable should come out of the tv and into the first part of the converter.then the optical digital cable should come out of the other end and into the yamaha.
directv genie installed digital coax replace older hddvr toslink audio panasonic saxr700 receiver work	I am not familiar with your particular setup. This adapter converts TOS-link optical to digital coax, but not the other way around. It won't convert digital coax to TOS-link. They have another model that does that. BTW, mine is still going great after a year.
device introduce noticeable lag audio eg video ahead audio	None that i have noticed. I use it for streaming movies via. AppleTV.
sample rate bit size limit 44116 9624 thanks	I really don't know for sure. I'm guessing that it follows the SPDIF 44.1/16 standard for regular CDs, but that is just a guess. I am using to connect a CD/DVD player to an outboard DAC to play CDs and it is working fine. 
total power comsumption converters running less 250ma	The power supply lists the input at 0.2 amps at 100-240VAC. At 110V, that would be 22 watts. The output of the power supply is 250mA at 6V, which is 1.5 watts. 
actually malemale picture appears show femalefemale	If this is the one that I bought, it's male to male.
work sirius scc1 tuner radio	I'm not sure what the difference is internally, but I've never had any luck with any other cable besides the OEM sirius brand ones. 
looking diagram rectangular block thing middle wondering cable block	yes, it looks exactly like the picture
already put cart said cannot ship ship hk order small	Sorry we don't ship to Hong Kong at this time, we might have this option available in the future. Sorry for any inconvenience!
straight cable	I don't think so. I don't know for sure though. I used this cord to power up a Philips Micro DVD Home Theater system. It plugged into the speaker that carried the voltage/power, while the other end was connected to the main system.
leak sound need find headphones leak little possible around $75$120 suggestions	These leak very little and are tough, repairable, and sound great. I use them quite frequently on the recording studio and are loud enough for even the deafest drummers. Best of luck ! www.camilosilvaf.com
long cord	approx. 10-11 feet
strong solid base	The base response is relatively balanced. They don't pump the base.
solid base	Not really. They're basic, cheap headphones.
use motorhome jetpack	Yes I can , buy lately have come many better remote video cameras out . Try any 1.3 MegaPixel Network Camera with a NVR.
headphones cancel unwanted noise environment much noise comes	These headphones would be considered "closed ear" meaning they reduce outside/environment noise by creating a seal with soft surround material around the ear rejecting outside noises. I don't think it would be considered 'noise cancelling' in the industry sense meaning it does not 'actively' or electronically reduce outside noises.
work new zealand	According to their web site, it works in New Zealand
good russia ukraine	Worked for me, in Russia, Romania, Serbia, Croatia, Slovenia, Bosnia/Herzogovina, Montenegro, Morocco - so I'd say yes.
come surge protector	No.
plug phone plug adapter wall	It takes a normal plug. Not a phone USB. So no.
work colombia easy instructions	I am sure it will work there but remember that this is a simple adapter, NOT a converter. Whatever you plug in must be able to accept the current and amperage of the supply. If you plug a 110 appliance into a 220 outlet, you will fry it.
anyone know size fuse use spare fuse would like buy another spare cannot find specs fuse	The markings on the fuse are "T2.5AH250V". It's a short fuse, about 3/4" long, not like the long glass fuses used in older autos.
zambia	I have only used this device in Europe and the European part of Turkey.
work greece	It is just a plug adapter for many countries so I would say it would work in Greece. You still might need a step down transformer to step the voltage down from 240VAC to 120VAC. 
let pc connect wireless printer	Yes.
good italy	Yes, it will work in Italy. I have used it in Italy, Switzerland, Netherlands, UK, Ireland, France, Japan and Singapore.
v2000 version f5d7050 model v2000 v2 version fcc id k7sf5d7050a	The Beldin F5D7050 I got through this Amazon posting was FCC ID K7S-F5D7050B. 
work xbox 360	The Xbox 360 is wireless so u shouldn't need one
connect ipod cars wireless service	Unfortunately not.
would work roland rp401 digital piano digital piano	i believe it would
plug us uneven prongs one prong slightly lager another adapter	Yes. (those are called polarized plugs)
anyone know compatible tivo series2 dt	Hi Annie! This wireless USB adapter works only with computers running on Windows 98SE, 2000, Me, or XP Operating Systems.
work windows vista 2000 dell pc desktop	Versions 2 to 5 are compatible with Windows Vista. You may check this link for your reference, http://www.belkin.com/us/support-article?articleNum=4896.
used optional rifle scope scope retical aiming target	No it does not.. You get a new eye piece that has a retical if you buy the scope adaptor kit.
used length fresh set batteries make though entire nite spotting	No
nvmt connect guns	No
anyone tell battery size use aa aaa	3vdc 123a type
work win 7	No
macbook pro yosemite install adapter	It doesn't work with Mac OS. It's only compatible with the following Operating Systems: Windows 98SE, 2000, Me, or XP
work mac os x 1068 belkin f5d7050	This device only supports specific Windows Operating Systems, Phillip.
item attachment spot mounting helmet headset	Yes, it has two 1/4" mounting holes for this
see pictures picatinny rail installed side nvmt allowing external ir illuminator product using	It already has a IR illuminator, external. Also I don't think it has a pictanny rail mount. It has a mount for a tripod.
device capable mounting picatinny rail m4	No it is not. I wish it were.
used daylight damaging sensors	No
mount airsoft helmet mount could use	Not very good quality. Would be to bulky
work adhering iphone treadmill flat screen slightly angled	I think it would work for you. Works for me io a slightly angled dashboard and holds my phone, keys, glasses, whatever.
issues regarding product material melting prolonged direct sunlight	I had my Sticky Pad on the car dash board all summer, with my sunglasses on it, and it was fine. 
ir invisible black white viewingdegrees projection many effective yards ir operate clearly	IR is visible. viewing is green. I have used at 100 yds but it may work at a longer range. I was able to see a rabbit fairly clear at that range.
think would work keep bobblehead upright flat things	Yes, it only works with flat things. if your bobblehead doesn't have flat soles on it's feet, you will have no joy. 
drive 2014 chevy silverado would work center piece steering wheel	According to the manufacturer, it's meant to be used on dashboard.
material made	It's like thick paper like foam with sticky residue on it I wasn't to fond of it honestly
move around	Yes but it moves way too much on its own.
stick walls wood planning use bedroom living room holding remotes	It's grippy not sticky. Better for flat surfaces like a car dashboard. Works well for that.
size	As it mentions under the product details: Product Dimensions: 7 x 0.2 x 4.5 inches ; 0.5 ounces
mat cut smaller size anyone done	Yes it can easily. I put it in my din pocket after i cut it.
idea works leather	It worked on leather for me although depending on what if any conditioner you might use it might make a difference.
anyone tell battery size use aa aaa	3vdc 123a type
ir invisible black white viewingdegrees projection many effective yards ir operate clearly	IR is visible. viewing is green. I have used at 100 yds but it may work at a longer range. I was able to see a rabbit fairly clear at that range.
item attachment spot mounting helmet headset	Yes, it has two 1/4" mounting holes for this
nvmt connect guns	No
used length fresh set batteries make though entire nite spotting	No
see pictures picatinny rail installed side nvmt allowing external ir illuminator product using	It already has a IR illuminator, external. Also I don't think it has a pictanny rail mount. It has a mount for a tripod.
used optional rifle scope scope retical aiming target	No it does not.. You get a new eye piece that has a retical if you buy the scope adaptor kit.
used daylight damaging sensors	No
device capable mounting picatinny rail m4	No it is not. I wish it were.
cable release work holga wide pinehole camera	It should work on any camera made for a cable release. It's pretty much a standard in the industry.
fit pentax k1000	Yes. It will fit most SLR's. I don't have a k1000 but a friend does and has the same release. Hope this helps.
cable fit canon a1	I used it on my Canon AE-1 no problem.
cable work sony rx10	This is a mechanical cable release. The Sony RX10 uses the Sony RM-VPR1 wired remote, and some generic remotes with the same electrical connection.
work old om2 35mm camera	If the remote shutter has a port to thread the cable in like a # 8 or # 10 size screw thread it should work.
could someone measure tall thing says 35 inches I sure exact incluser exactly 3 916 table glass	When the legs are flat, it stands 3.25" from the ground (including the rubber feet)
mount airsoft helmet mount could use	Not very good quality. Would be to bulky
porta trace logo front removable	If you mean that sticker, mine didn't even come with one.
product come bulbs	Yes, it comes with two removable bulbs.
noise leakage compared units	Noise leakage is minimal. This set of headphones is exceptional for the price.
plug 14 inch 18 inch	1/8"
loose snug working moving around lot	Excellent item
described binaural used listen 3d sound source effect satisfactory	It was not satisfactory, were damaged son.
put hearing aids	Yes
tight ears I tried another expensive brand hurts ears head tight I I would wear 23 hours time	I actually wear these about 4 hours at a time without any issues. These are much better than other brands I have used.
long cord length regular earbuds	The cord is extra long. At least twice, if not three times as long.
work efs mount	Yes it's fully compatible
son's school supply list calls headphones 35mm trs plug I seeing exact words anywhere description	"TRS" stands for Tip-Ring-Shield, the common pattern for stereo headphone plugs. This model has a 3.5mm [same as 1/8"] diameter TRS plug on the cord, and the package includes a yellow metal adapter to plug into a 6.3mm [same as 1/4"] diameter TRS jack to use on older and high-end home audio gear. 
lens compatible full frame canon eos 1dx	Yes
work pentax k3 made japanis come waranty	I don't know if it works with Pentax. I'm using mine on a Nikon D800. Yes it is made on Japan. Mine was used so I don't know about warranty. It is a great lens though
dx fx lens	Full frame.
sony a7 lens work full frame auto exposurefocus converter many thanks	This lens works on full frame but I am not sure how the electronics would work with a converter
lens compatible eos 100d rebel sl1	Im not sure. Sorry. I use it with a full frame camera.
len fit canon eos rebel 1000d	Of course!
use headphones skype cell phone calls etc mic would party hear	Gary: unfortunatly you can't use them for Skype, cell phones, etc. They don't have a microphone so the person on the other end won't hear you. I hope this answers your question. Terry
distortion problems sigma 1224 solved distortion problem 18mm	Go to the Sigma website to see sample pictures. It looks like the lens has slight pincushion distortion. 
would headphones comfortable six year old	Hi - Yes, they should be very good. I already had our 8-year old granddaughter wear these and they're very comfortable, nice and cushy and they stay in place. 
anyone attempted astrophotography one I I would love know capturing milky way	I think it wont work because a tipical set up for that would be 20 to 30 secs, iso 3200, f 2.8. It may work if your camera goes to iso 6400 without noise. 
anybody knows whats difference lens new version	I would go to the website and see what info you can find there. They may have both lenses there. You can also try to go to a photo review site such as Ken Rockwell to see what they have to say.
set one lan ports dmz need use wan port lose failoverload balancing option	I believe the second wan port can be either dmz or wan only so yes you either lose the failover or you get dmz not both.
router rack mountable	The router itself does not mount to the rack. On our systems we mount it to flat shelves so that it can used.
v3	Yes, its PID VID V03
hook devices option forward device traffic proxy school	This device have the ability to port forward any external ip to any or on ip inside the your network and vice versa. I have never had any issues with them, I just wish they came with Wi-Fi and where not getting discontinued. They eat small performance from the bandwidth but so far are the best for the $$.
rv042 sale hardware rev 2 3 unit v2 v3	The one I received is v3.
2 wireless networks rv042	I just got mine, I'll try and remember to report back once we've tried it as loadbalance/failover is what we purchased it for. 
anyone use w sling box anyone used route internet via connection sling box	I have just purchased 2 of these to try with the slingbox. If my wiring in the house is hooked up to work with these,my slingbox should work,or at least that's what netgear customer service told me. 
fast enough true	Considering that this item is 14mbps and your average internet connection is around 3mpbs it should be plenty fast for typical internet traffic such as gaming. 200mbps is only slow when you consider something used for direct connections like USB which is around 400mbps+. 
one two adpaters product come one two adapters	Comes with one. You need two, so you need to buy two. I bought one, thinking I'd only need one. Need two for connection.
need least 2 units right one plugs cable modem's switch port another room provide wired 14mb connection	Yes, two units. One into modem and the other the other into the cable modem switch port or if you have Directv, into the back of the receiver. Each of the two Netgears also plug into an electrical outlet at the cable modem or Directv source. 
work hook ooma wirelessly	No
else need besides 2 xe102 units extend wireless main house guest house plugs 2nd unit	One plugs into the back of your cable box or directv receiver and the other into a router that you probably use for computer wifi in your house. 
cox router downstairs cannot get internet room 2nd floor device extend floors	it will work if both devices are on the same circuit breakers. 
connecting dish dvr722 cable box guess need pair get demand features dish hddvr722 box question bridge near dvr still plugs back dvr using ethernet cable dvr	According to Dish data,(tech.dishnetwork.com and serch for "home networking") only one HomePlug-to-Ethernet adapter is needed. 
good enough speed 14 mps internet use product sufficient go 54mps unit	Yes, 14mps is plenty fast enough for internet.
would able use programs like auto cad architecture design programs	its just a monitor so i don't see why not.
use monitor macbook pro running os x	I have a MacBook Air with the most up to date software and mine works perfectly. I took a chance on this display screen and I'm glad I did. 
use item old 13in macbook	I bought this exact display to use with an Apple Mac mini 2008 model and it worked out perfect! The MacBook 13in I think haas a mini DVI port and Cinema Display has a regular DVI cable so if u have an adapter mini dvi to standard DVI then it should work fine! You can find one on amazon also!
use emac &amp use 2010 21 inch imac gf old emac &amp cannot afford get newer mac yet need second monitor see I typing posting better next year finally get 60 inch tv	Not sure what an Emac is. I had a Mac mini that it was compatible with. Usually, in my experience, macs are compatible with other Mac products. I am almost positive it would be fine with a 2010 iMac. 
compatible macbook air 2013	It should be compatible with the DVI adapter.
monitor ips	I don't know what that means
use second monitor mid2011 imac 215	I would think so. You may need an adapter. I use mine with a 2013 Mac book air, I just needed an adapter I picked up at the apple store
hello cisco rv082 need know work rv042 vpn	Yes it will work, i have done it with fixed ip addresses on both ends.
router v3	Most likely, all the new ones being shipped are V3. Regardless, you can obtain the latest firmware for what ever version you get from the Cisco web site, which you should check on a regular basis.
router enable two computers communicate dedicated t1 line	Dedicated as in point-to-point? You probably don't need this or any router to establish that connection. However, as long as you have IP addresse for each end and a gateway, these devices should work fine and allow connection for many computers at each end. 
work mac mini	yes it will. just need to get a HDMI adataper.
use main monitor newer version mac mini whats good affordable monitor mac mini	I am not sure about the Mac mini, but I have a newer Mac air and it works with an adapter you can buy at any apple store
hello mid 2014 imac would use second monitor imac lightning connectors thunderbolt used	I believe you will need an adapter as this monitor is VGA. To use with my MacBook air i needed a thunderbolt to VGA adapter
work newest macbook pro models	Am using w a new Mac Pro, but requires an ACTIVE connector ($100). Assuming similar set up would work for laptop.
speakers	The monitor does not have it's own speakers.
know monitor cannot adjusted height someone tell approximate height base bottom screen	Approx. 18in from bottom of base to top of screen when vertical
use monitor pc	If your PC has a DVI-D port, yes it can. However, the USB hub doesn't work with Windows. This monitor is initially designed for macs, but it will work with a PC.
sir withstanding comment gift wrapping etc would doublepack send slightly larger box go original	William, you have asked the wrong person ...
monitor connect macbook pro 13 thunderbolt port firewire port	This is an older monitor. I believe it uses an industry-standard DVI connector. There is a $29 mini displayport to DVI adapter available from Apple.
pink problem	No issues. I've been using it for over 5yrs. "Knock on wood"
year binoculars come	I'm not sure, but I've had them at least 2 years
nikon 7234 action 1022 x 50mm binocular water proof fog proof well work eyeglass wearers	Got rain with it and had no problems, as the fog I can tell you is that it's the best binoculars I have ever had. The picture is perfect, clear and very detailed. 
good astronomy armature level details jupiter saturn moon seen	is a fantastic, but I do not have all this power you want. 
tripod attachment	Included is a metal tripod-attaching frame that screws into the center pivot post (once you remove it) of the binocs. Then that frame has two choices for where your tripod quick-release platform screw can be inserted and tightened. 
entire battery icon blinking sony bcg34hrmf4 battery charger anyone know could issue	I just started having the same problem. According to the manual here are some possible causes and solutions. 
decide charge 3 aaa batteries instead 4 give problems anyone please answer	No. It handles any mix of 4 AA/AAA batteries just fine.
bcg34hrmf4 supposed get	That doesn't sound like a problem with Amazon's description, that sounds like a problem with "DB Roth". I would take it up with "DB Roth". (of course this advice is probably arriving 6 months too late to be of any value).
questions refresh feature anyone know side using refresh feature every time charge batteries	If you use your batteries regularly and tend to charge them at least once a month, you probably are wasting your time (and energy) using the refresh (discharge/charge) cycle. NiMh batteries have little of no "memory effect" like NiCads. 
use enelooplow discharge batteries charger use charger sanyo eneloop low dischargehybrid batteries	The Sanyo "low leakage" Eneloops will work in this charger, but a lower current unit (around 200 or 250 mA) will result in a longer total life (more charge/discharge cycles).
charger charge brand sony charger charge brand sony	Any brand with NO problems. Take it
use overseas 220v	Yes you can without problem. it works ok
would total shipping included buy two	I think Amazon will charge you around $5 for the shipping.. but i think i am sold out the crucial parts.. I do have the Kingston original now
memory low density high density	Not sure. It went into an older computer but seems to work properly. Check out the following reviews:
compatible latest mac mini andmight used version worth chance	I would imagine that any of the latest Apple computers, which have more powerful chips, would be able to run the 23 inch monitor.
monitor built webcam	No, my monitor does not have a built in webcam.
monitor vesa mountable	No, it came with a stand and is not mountable.
brand getting ordered today	crucial is a good reliable brand
warranty	Usually 90 days but Cruical makes good hardware. No problems with mine
low density	Just by the number of chips on it, it looks like low density but I am not sure. Your best answer would be from Crucial.com. Just leave the question on the site and they should respond to you.
would like know could use memory mac mini 2005	I don't really know if it will work with a older Mac Mini. I would recommend to search for memory that will work with Mac Mini and other Macs at the time. (i.e. PowerBook G4, iBook) I did some research on some Macs from 2005 and most of them needs DDR Memory, either laptop or desktop memory.
successfully record play movies symphonic sr90ve recorder	Steve - I have no idea. BUT I can tell you a bunch of things I have recorded on Verbatim disks will not play on my Sony television. Makes no sense to me, as my DVD player is NOT a sony, buy that's one of my issues. Good luck. Hope someone else can address your specific issue. Patti
charger used india safe use india	I have used this Sony charger in other countries with 220V 50Hz AC mains, so I don't see why it should not work in India. Of course you still need an adapter plug in order to plug it into the (different sized) wall sockets.
really smart charger	Well, I don't know, but it seems to me like the problem is the opposite. I.e. it turns itself off when one battery is charged, but there are three that are not.
blinking light mean mean batts reached service limit	The Sony charger's indicator light will blink if you have inserted a wrong battery type (alkaline cell) into the slot.
non sony batteries charge non sony batteries	You can use this Sony charger to charge any brand of NiMH/NiCd AA and AAA cells. The capacity is not an issue, as the charger knows when to stop charging when a cell is full.
charge cell separately hi anyone tell charger claims overcharge shut protection shut first battery fully charged detect charge separately battery	Not true. You can charge any number (between 1 and 4) of AA cells at a time. You can even mix and match AA with AAA cells.
sony product vs eneloop four battery set charger	The Sony charger is much better than the one included in the Sanyo eneloop 4-pack deal, because it charges faster and accepts universal AC input.
fit sockets countries world wide charger cannot plugged socket	Its not the prongs that make it a "world wide charger", its that the charger itself adapts to the different currents of electricity. Different countries sometimes use different "types" of electricity, whether it be ac/dc, different voltages, etc. 
compatability canon anyone problems using charger canon camera	I have used a set of (previous generation) Sony 2300mAh AA cells in my Canon S1 for more than one year. No problems what so ever. This charger and battery package is a good value. 
help fully charged aa batteries drained 20 minutes anybody know wrong	Did you recharge those SONY NiMH cells just before using them? Most of those regular 2500mAh cells are known to suffer from rapid self-discharge problem. That means if you place a fully charged cell on the shelf for a few weeks, most of its charge may be already lost due to leakage.
macbook pro use dvds burn movies play dvd player	Yes you can but you will need a seperate program. It is called burn (burn-osx.sourceforge.net) this program will let you burn your movie as a playable DVD. 
mac burn mp3 music	No problem you just have to have your program to record
made japan	I am not sure but i had no problems with them at all they all worked i jope this helps you
burn videos things	http://www.dvdvideosoft.com/ is pretty great.
used burn play audio cd's	Yes, but I would prefer the R/W which are erasable and re-recordable.
burn movies need send back	They can certainly burn movies as long as you have dvd ripping/burning software.
47gb cd total 47gb 15cds	These are DVDs , so each of them are 4+GBs.
take info says dvdr dvd's used record one time cannot use record anyone confirm	That is correct, they aren't rewritable or they say RW
differance dvdr &amp dvdr	http://www.ehow.com/info_8764207_difference-between-dvd-dvd.html
write sharpie without putting label	yes you can....i was leery at first too...but yes you can...it won't effect anything.
query discs still made singapore 2014 thanks help	Mine just arrived 03/08/14 and are MCC made in Taiwan. These are great discs. Some of the best I've ever had. 
charge sony brand batteries batteries recharged sony	Other rechargeable NiMH batteries can be used in the Sony charger.
wondering product work 2005 g6 pontiac	From what we can tell - no it won't work sorry!
work bose system 07 envoy	It worked in my Bose system on the 05' Chevy Silverado, so I would think it would.
work 2006 grand prix without xm radio	The XM part shouldn't have anything to do with this part. This plugs into the factory harness and then to the factory radio and provides RCA outputs for connection to an amplifier.
remote wire used directly unit extended amp remote wire also use front rear rca pre	Yes. That is exactly what the remote wire was designed to do. You can use either front or rear out. 
work 2006 gmc yukon xl awd denali 1500	I do believe so my Cadillac parts are GMC made.
installed 2006 pontiac torrent would device provide purpose line converter	Yes. It will convert the sound signal from the car stereo to a signal appropriate for any power amplifier
work 07 hhr factory sub	I would think so but not really sure. I had a Saturn vue . I would email the vender
knob come unit flush mounted behind panel	Yup, in fact, that's what I did. I busted open the plastic housing and pulled out the circuitry, then drilled out a hole in the glovebox and mounted the knob. That way, I opened the glovebox and adjusted the levels if needed.
label front unit pac level etc come easily painted looking intstall clean project	You can take all apart and put it in whatever you want to..
description says remote level controller work infrared remote control know one	No, it does not work with an infrared remote. It has a manual knob only. I do not know of one that uses a remote.
long cable	About 6 inches I think
use 21 computer speakers control bass &amp volume speakers knob volume control knob bass	Only if your subwoofer connection from the receiver to the subwoofer is line level type. Easy way to tell is if the connections are RCA (like the ones on this device).
completely mute audio turned way 2 pcs 1 speaker system mixer 0 mixer still lets sound bleed	I have this hooked up to a car amp. it will not let any signal thru when all the way down. but you can slowly rise the signal to what ever you want.
rca jacks line line	Yes they are. There are two RCA pairs which allows you to simply "splice" the level controller in. And if I'm not mistaken, they are both female.
ordered im wondering install amp instead behind stereo dont wanna pull stereo	It can be installed anywhere along the rcas
anyone know many db lower signal talking 3db closer 12db	On my system if I turn it all the way down, my amp is basically turned off.
knob placed amplification source get lof noise plug amplifier	I plugged mine in after my source and before amp..
2003 envoy xl bose audio tested see bose premium turns would product pac os2cbose work aftermarket radio	I have 2004 yukon with Bose audio PAC worked perfect
1999 gmc denali want install aftermarket pioneer touchscreen head unit component need bose amp	Should work if the vehicle is equipped with on star With boss premium sound package.
2005 pontiac grand prix star system steering wheel controlswill part work install aftermarket stereo	Sorry, just seeing your question. Yes, it will work, but you would need separate steering wheel controls in addition.
02 trailblazer star bose work also steering wheel controls	I have it installed in an '04 suburban & no, it does not work with the steering wheel controls. It was annoying at first but I have adapted!
need 2002 gmc yukon sure bose tell last harness got worked sound froom doors spe	that's the harness you need the one that's in the picture you have to make sure that you have power to your amplifier there should be an extra harness in the package that's not hooked up if you don't have sound coming through speakers
work 2004 chevy silverado bose star	Yes
vehicle factory bose system need install aftermarket amp 2006 chevy trailblazer without bose	If you are using the factory head unit whether or not you have the bose system you will need this to add an amp.
2006 gmc sierra uq7 bose &amp isgm655 installed pac aoemgm24 plug play bluetooth ipod adapter installed well	Yes. I plunged mine in under the center console at the Bose amp because there isn't a lot of room behind the head unit with the Bluetooth there. I had to run the remote for the amp off of a fuse in the fuse box.
work 03 chevy monte carlo factory stero	Yes it will work
2005 chevy trailblazer bose system want replace radio c pac os02c	On-star second ( Class ). The plug and play system is great, but if you have steering wheel controls, you need the PAC RP5-GM -11, same company, recomend you go to the web site , there support is second to none.
works 2004 cadillac escalade	Just checked the website and it says it does. I believe its the same as my 03 Hummer and it worked great.
dont see bose anywhere vehicle 02 trailblazer ltz onstar need dont want onstar	You need to know if you have a Bose system. There are a lot of different kits. The PAC website will help you determine what you need: http://www.pac-audio.com/default.aspx (Cut & Paste the link).
work 06 denali serria	Yes
speakerphone mute function still listen conversation	Yes, it does have this function.
transfer calls	lol, yes
module interfere existing voice navigation systems truck	Unless you are trying to perform functions that need the ebrake or service brake to be applied it will not interfere. This is only to bypass the ebrake
work power acoustik ptid8920b	If it will it might don't expect it to work for long.
work alpine ivew 530	It should work. I also have an Alpine DVD unit, ICS X7HD and it works perfectly.
work boss audio bv8974b	If you have to connect to both the ebrake and the regular brake yes.
work clarion mobile electronics nx404 2din dvd multimedia station	It should, but to be certain you can always email tech support and ask - techsupport@pac-audio.com
used power acoustik pd 710t parking brake bypass hand brake dump truck	... and the module will fail during your first cold winter. I have bought and installed 2 units, both have failed after the first cold snap here in CO. Worked fine for about 3 years in TX.
works boss audio bv9558 indash dvd player	It should work for all but that's not true.
stop alpine system shutting driving	Your unit should not be shutting down at all. This unit when hooked up right will bypass the safety function so you can get into the menu screen while the car is not in park.
work bose wave radio	That is exactly what I purchased it for and it works great!
work saht720 panasonic home theater	I really do not know. I bought this because it was cheap enough to take a chance on my Venturer CD1832 Boom Box...didn't work-the female end was too large to fit in slot by 1-2 mm so I trimmed it only to find that once I could get it in the slot it the male were too far apart to fit in the female end.
fit philips cassette player az1018	Yes...should fit any polarized power input.
lost power cord panasonic dvd video recorder model dmre75v one amazon fit dvd tell get another one thank jim	actually there are two type of cord. One type is round/ round , and the other is round / square. Please look at the connection on the back of the unit. and email us what type do you need.
work kind tv	It worked for me on my 47 inch TV. It also came as exactly as posted on the website. I personally had no issues.
sony boombox cfds200 need ac 120v 60 hz 20 watt cord work thank	Hello Lisa. The answer to your question is "No". I did a search online. The cord for your boom box has two rounded ends. Don't worry too much about the electrical numbers. Any power cord that fits into the socket will work because your boom box consumes very little power.
work panasonic de852d video ac adaptor	As long as it has a squarish and roundish shape around the wire receptacle in the adapter body.
work aiwa cd player model csdsl15	If the power receptacle on the player is rounded on one side and squared on the other side, I would think it would work. I bought one for my Aiwa boom box and it works fine.
anyone know work phillips fcw577 stereo system 10 years old pic looks like I sure	If it is square and round it will
phone need main control work part system phones work stand alone	Just plug it in, and go!!
phone feature 5 outside lines	yes we had 7 outside lines.
m7310 converted hang wall similar phone handset stay place vertical application	Yes. You can take the backplate off from it and "flip" (top to bottom), then reattached. It will them mount on the wall if you have the proper hardware.
120v	Yes it is .
answers 0 votes maximum possible height	The max. height when in fully extended is 10.25" to the mount top for a spotting scope, camera, etc. Hope this helps.
use canon vixia hf r400 camcorder canon eos t2i especially want record lectures	i'd say you could, because for its size (which is great and convenient) it's strong and resistant. You'll have to find a steady surface though to record something as long as a lecture...
lowest possible height	7.5 inches. Great miniature tripod.
universal tripod kodak easyshare right attach camera	yes. i have a nikon and a canon. both attach to the tripod.
small surface place mount I got 4 wide railing	You will need at least 10 inches.
wondering range motion attached telescope tripod could view stars planets close zenith thank	This tabletop tripod is about 7-10 inches tall depending on adjustment.
fit older camera canon powershot a650	It would support a point and shoot just fine as long as there is a place to screw the tripod onto the bottom of the camera, as it is the only way to attach the camera to the tripod.
insignia lcd wit orange digital optical coaxial sony htct260h soundbar wit optical slot get sound tv soundbar using	Yes, you can, this item is coaxial (orange) in, to optical (black/white) out.
confused way converts blu ray player coax need hook surround sound optical correct unit	Yes! (coax is in RCA form) Very good Two pictures with this listing.
normal synchronization audio video	It is fairly normal for the video and sound to be out of synch; however, most audio receivers and/or preamps have an adjustment to synchronize the sound with the video. The adjustment is usually in the "Setup" menu of the audio equipment.
question 32 inch dynex tv orange digital audio port dvd home theater system digital optical port item work	If you want to connect the audio output from the TV to the home theater's input it would work but not the other way around.
work tv hook dvd player tv coaxell outlet	If your DVD has an optical Toslink audio output and your TV has a digital coax audio input, then yes, this is the proper device. 
bought tv orange digital coax sound bar auxiliary fiber optic need sound bar work	This is exactly what you need to convert the signal from the tv to the sound bar. You will also need a digital coaxial audio cable for tv to adapter and a toslink / fiber optic audio cable from adapter to soundbar, to complete the connection.
output least dolby 51	As far as I can tell it is.
use get sound westinghouse tv digital orange output samsung ht blu ray system optical slot	Sounds like what you need. My application required going from the orange RCA coax type on the TV and converting to the fiber optic type on the soundbar. It all works fine, but the converter does not come with either the coax cable or the fiber optic cable.
pass 24bit 96 192 khz signals	96 khz
using directv genie satellite coxial digital phillips soundbar optical input work right	Yes
work connecting optical game console cable box aux surround sound try working	It won't work ... Since the 3.5 is for toslink not aux... What exactly are you trying to do? Maybe I can help you...
toslink mini problem misunderstanding something	Wondering about this myself, before making a purchase. Some reviews report a direct connection to a speaker system, but the success of that would depend on what the speaker system can process internally.
connect small part headphone jack want connect laptop yamaha soundbar	This is a TOSLINK optical mini to TOSLINK optical digital cable. It will fit the headphone jack on a MacBook Pro or Mac Mini from about 2009 forward, as these are combo optical/audio jacks. 
use cable connect output airport express analogoptical audio jack end amplifier optical digital airplay	Yes, you sure can as long as the amplifier has an optical digital input. I use it to connect an airport express to a pioneer receiver and it works great.
use optical samsung led tv aux jack bose wave radio	You could not use it on Bose Wave radio, radio does not have an additional description like SPDIF optical port. It is regular audio jack only.
pivot point tilting head metal clamp plastic need something break extreme cold	It appears that the tilting head is plastic
camera pointed directly toward table overhead shots	Yes, you should be able to.
quick release plate cannot tell 1 pic	No, it does not. Still loving it though...used it for several hours today and still extremely pleased with it!
female toslink blueray player orange female receptacle marked digital audio proper cable	No. The orange cable is not an optical/fiber optic cable cable (Toslink).
work run optical tv pair headphones	This is only a cable. You would need something to convert Toslink optical to something that could drive your headphones.
connect tv stereo aux input	No. This cable is designed to carry a digital signal from a Mac mini to the optical in on a receiver .
trying use bose companion speakersbose auxtv opticalanyone idea working	This is a toslink cable, if your Aux interface is not digital toslink type, it will not work.
trying use cable connect bose speakers lg tv tv optical plug bose aux bought remedy working	I purchased for similar problem, did not work for me either, even with a splitter. If you find a way for this to work, I'd like to know
use cable connect output airport express analogoptical audio jack end amplifier optical digital airplay	Yes, you sure can as long as the amplifier has an optical digital input. I use it to connect an airport express to a pioneer receiver and it works great.
use optical samsung led tv aux jack bose wave radio	You could not use it on Bose Wave radio, radio does not have an additional description like SPDIF optical port. It is regular audio jack only.
female toslink blueray player orange female receptacle marked digital audio proper cable	No. The orange cable is not an optical/fiber optic cable cable (Toslink). The Toslink cable has to connect to a Toslink connection at each end. 
work run optical tv pair headphones	This is only a cable. You would need something to convert Toslink optical to something that could drive your headphones. This would involve a D to A converter and a small amplifier.
connect tv stereo aux input	No. This cable is designed to carry a digital signal from a Mac mini to the optical in on a receiver .
trying use bose companion speakersbose auxtv opticalanyone idea working	This is a toslink cable, if your Aux interface is not digital toslink type, it will not work.
trying use cable connect bose speakers lg tv tv optical plug bose aux bought remedy working	I purchased for similar problem, did not work for me either, even with a splitter. If you find a way for this to work, I'd like to know
hello xbox one gaming console want know product would suitable connect console speaker system via aux	Yes it will i use it for it
model works windows 81	I'm using this particular keyboard with Windows 8.1; no problems whatsoever.
would work tablet	It works perfectly with my Surface Pro
hello anyone use mac os 106 work good apple french keyboard impossible find usa thanks	Depending on the age of your Mac, you can take it to the apple store and get them to replace the keyboard with a French one free - I think this is for the first 60-90 days after purchase.
work us chromebook necessary drivers etc	If the Chromebook will allow for a keyboard (USB) to be connected, then yes, this one would work. It would just have the French keyboard layout (AZERTY) instead of the US one (QWERTY).
hook windows 8 else would need load order switch languages	Actually, it's not a question of compatability with your software at all. Your computer should have the necessary settings to accommodate this keyboard. 
keyboard used laptop external keyboard	Yeah, that is exactly the use I bought it for, and it acts as any other external USB keyboard.
get thai characters type insertion point	Aloha Roberto, Please follow this guide from Microsoft.com for your Windows 7 computer. If you are not using Windows 7, or if this does not help, please let me know. 
use mac	I am not sure about the Mac but it works great on windows based operating platforms.
want eliminate car battery powering vhf radio plug wall socket attach red &amp black wires radio &amp run	I have one that I run a car radio and a CB radio in my garage with. It dose the job perfect.
hello xbox one gaming console want know product would suitable connect console speaker system via aux	Yes it will i use it for it
dimensions product	The unit is about 8" wide X 6" high X 10" deep, sorry, I dont have the unit right here or I would give you exact measurements!
want put 12 car alarm horn house temporary security okay let run idle 247 switch activated	Sorry, I only use the Pyramid for the phono preamp. I turn it on when I play music.
come wires connect car amp	No .
car plug	I don't think so !
used power car amp	No
used musical fidelity vcan mk2 amp discontinued	this is an automotive power supply for testing automotive circuits or charging batterys not sure what you want to use it for. it puts out 13.8v dc same as a running car. i use it for auto testing
usb cables included switch	The one I ordered did not come with cables.
use product share logitech wireless keyboardmouse combo computer &amp samsung galaxy media dock use hotkeys switch	I use the switch to let two computers share a single printer. I dont think hot key will activate it? It will need to be switched manually.
using sanoxy&reg 2 pc 1 usb 20 device ab switch box canoscan lide30 scanner years onoff switch new canoscan lide210 scan work pin4 'grounded' 'shield' switch	Work for me on usb for keyboard and mouse only PC no on Mac computer
work sharing os windows 7 xp	Yes. I am sharing a printer with two separate computers, one running Win7 and one running XP.
could work make 20 usb port laptop plug usb network adapter better signal coverage	I don't think this will help with signal improvement! This is a port switch thacharts two computers use one printer. Hope this answer helps
switch work keyboards mice	didn't try that, but i don't see why not. with a separate usb hub of course.
test	Sure. It is a simple USB switch. USB is USB.
use country 220v electricity	No. Only w 110-220 transformer
good day length link cable included package thanks	Hello, the BoseLINK cable that comes in the box is 20 feet long. However, extensions are available by calling 800-367-4008.
use nonbose speakers	Yes. It has terminals to plug in standard speaker wires.
bose expansion remote lifestyle v25v35 sy work	It didn't work for me.
bose expansion remote lifestyle v25v35 sy work	I don't think so. For some reason known only to Bose, I had to buy an RCPMCIII-27. It has been a while and my memory is fuzzy, but Bose has a good customer support line so give them a call.
321gsxbosesystem remote control remote control used boselifestylesa3amplifiersystem also need buy addition	I had a ton of questions when I bought this amp. The best place to get the best response is call Bose. 1800-869-1855. They will answer anything
bose lifestyle sa3 amplifier compatible bose 123gsx bose lifestyle sa3 amplifier need another remote control	I don't about the 123GSX, but it will NOT work without a separate remote control. There are multiple models of remote control that will work with it, but it seems pretty preposterous to me that it won't work without a remote and it doesn't COME WITH at least a basic model remote to use.
could use add subwoofer t20 system would normal remote still control volume	No, we do not recommend using the SA-3 amplifier for a subwoofer.
amplifier work lifestyle 900	this should work with any lifestyle receiver that has bose link.
include power cord linka cable	Yes. Power cord and Bose link cable are included. Excellent product.
actually 138 volt device would damage ethernet switch requires 12 volt	The key to your question is "requires 12 volts". My answer to this is that 13.8 volts meets the requirements and that anything you wire up to the this Pyramid or any other power supply should always have a fuse or circuit breaker attached to the Power line.
ok got answers quite wanted run stereo amps power big speakers	Absolutely not
anyone tried used ones selll	Purchased a returned or open box unit. Worked great.
system hdmi output	No it does not, has component connection to the TV... http://www.manualslib.com/manual/19514/Bose-321-Series-Ii.html?page=14#manual
product used add 2 speakers bose 321	They use special jacks for the speaker cables. Plus, I think the power output is made for those small speakers, so adding more speakers is not going to add any more sounds.
installing bose system gpx smart tv use 3 remotes 1 tv1 satellite &amp 1 bose way	The best bet is to get a harmony remote. But you might be able to program the satellite remote to control all three.
turn bass 321	You have to go to the system options menu and then audio options. There is a bass compensation option that allows you to increase or decrease bass. The owners manual is online at the bose website.
321 bluetooth ready	No Bluetooth.
smart tv optical audio output system work tv	Looks like there is an optical port on the back. Do a Google search with the terms 'bose 321 go back panel' and you can see for yourself.
get sorround sound&gt&gt	Nope. That requires a system with 5 speakers.
anyone tell seller amazon actually sells genuine panasonic battery generic brand previously bought 2 amazon labelled panasonic sent generic last month	I actually bought mine directly from Amazon.com with Prime. 
life span	I replaced mine after approximately 5 years of normal use and regulAr recharging.
found hhrp104 batteries sites listed $12 2 pack much higher	All of our prices are currently being reduced.
replace hhrp104 model kxtg5243	Sorry, Do Not Know. The battery I purchased was an exact model to model switch.
genuine panasonic brand generic replacement	The first time I got one, it was a generic replacement and did not last long at all. This time. I ordered what seemed like the same, and it is a real Panasonic, so I am interested to see if it will be longer-lasting.
battery interchangable hhrp104 model	Yes - I replaced them in 3 Panasonic cordless phones. Identical replacement and specs.
says 2 nonstandard battery batteries required get two batteries one list price	Pack I purchased contained 1 battery. I purchased I battery per phone
dimensions referenced picture amazon site wider original battery right dim battery	The picture of the "29" battery is deceptive. It is distorted and looks squat. I just carefully measured it and it is exactly 1-1/4" wide by 2-1/8" in length.
use place hhrp104	This battery is virtually identical to the original equipment battery provided by Panasonic. I replace a worn battery with this one recently and it works perfectly.
long last need replace	4-5 years
work connect wireless microsoft mouse	It should if the mouse is Bluetooth
support bluetooth speakers	I think so. But makes my mouse and keyboard run little slow I general works fine
work windows 81	Yes, it works OK with mine. I may have had to download the newer driver - ACB10US1 Driver for Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8 - I can't remember.
hi work targus model amw51us mouse thanks	I don't have that mouse so I can't verify.
bluetooth 40	No
work samsung's smart tvs	Don't know, sorry.
bose 321 series dvd stuck player eject home made dvd player play either	you can go to the technical service, i have the same problem, ocasionally, i dont know what to do with this failure
get replacement remote system whether bose remote universal remote work system	Logitech universal remotes from the harmony series should work.
come remote control	Yep
ths connect tv wireless bluetooth headphones	Probably not. The USB port has to have an operating system behind it and I think this was meant more for Windows or newer macs.
work canon pixma ip100	Hi Mary, sorry I just got this message. I am not sure, if the camera is a Bluetooth camera then It should work once you install the adapter to the computer. Again only if your camera is Bluetooth compatible.
work mac	Works on my 10.8.5 Mac, no need to install drivers. Plugged it in and the Bluetooth pane showed up in System Preferences, and easily paired with Apple bluetooth keyboard and Magic Mouse. It's Apple's recommended adapter in order for wake to sleep and other bluetooth features to work properly. http://support.apple.com/kb/HT3940?viewlocale=en_US&locale=en_US
wide hard plastic frame bottom pack	14 9/16 plus or minus 1/16. This can be a problem when you get a seat where the seat in front of you has the narrow spacing.
bag roll quietly practical school	Yes, it rolls quietly. Yes, I think it would be good for school. Wish all kids would get rolling bags. I worry that carrying them will ruin their posture. 
handle length anyone tell long tsb700's handle fully extended	According to Targus' website, 41"
5'11 work height want slouch	Yes it will, I am 6' and it has worked beautifully for me.
handle back pocket keep laptop padding handle bumps laptop would suck	It only has fabric between the back and the pocket. It comes with a laptop case which fit my larger 15" HP with no problem.
apple keyboard numeric keypad fit backpack	Not quite sure. But i can give u brief description. I have 13.3 HP split which fits perfectly into a separate padded pouch which can sit in the back main compartment. 15" won't fit in. Hope this help
17 inch macbook pro fit backpack	No, it will not fit.
foam earpieces headphones deteriorated falling apart phones still work anyone know replacement ear pads available	Not from Kensington at a reasonable price. Google for some generic which I did for another brand.
max db stop	Because they sit on your ears and do not cover them like they advertise you can probably expect from 10 to 12db reduction (size of your ears thus large ears less coverage). The annoying background hum could count as an extra 1 or 2 extra db reduction:-). They work as headphones and you get what you pay for. 
headphone jack straight lshape	The jack is "L" shaped.
come battery	Yes
battery required headphone	The battery is where the headphones obtain their power so they will operate.
battery required	Noise cancellation means that the device has a microphone which listens to the sounds in the room (ambient) and then transmits opposing sound waves through the headphones while playing music etc. 
still hear conversations wearing headphones completely muted	You can still hear conversations. They do not cancel completely.
transcriptionist looking block background noises noise cancellation extremely important really noise cancelling also since need wear 8 hours day comfortable lightweight	I went for price and paid the penalty. 
need battery size	Yes, it requires 1 AAA battery.
size unit overall	approximately 4 3/4" Wide -- 3 1/8" -- top to bottom -- 1 3/4 depth (front to back)
size text area like 15 x 35 etc thank	Bruce, I'm sorry I can't measure it for you. We moved into a retirement home two years ago and no longer own this device. It did work well up until the time of our move though.
bellsouth caller id phone box c130 register numbers calls come unless caller blocked radioshack id	Yes it does -- up to 99 recorded phone calls.
unit must wall mounted meet requirment	Yes, it can be mounted to the wall. The back area has a plastic bracket with places for two screw heads to slip underneath them to hold it to the wall.
pocket laptop fit 156 laptop	Not sure if a 15.6 will fit...I have a 15 and it fits fine. Just measured the bag and it is 15 exactly. So, that extra half inch might not fit well.
fit seat airplane	Yes
ride top cabin baggage trolley waist straps help server purpose	Yes, it can easily fit in the overhead compartment on the plane. Like I mentioned in my review, it's not spacious inside. The size of the bag makes you think there's a lot of room inside, but there isn't.
id caller service id caller	Yes !
back lit display	Yes - It does when you review the calls.
exact outside dimensiions	Mine measures 8 and 7/16 in diameter
fit 2004 crossfire	Honestly have no idea. Used mine in a boat application. Sorry
remove need get screws	They have a lip approx 1/4 inch on both the inner ring and the grill that over lap each other for a compression fit.
come instructions	They do not. Although they are labeled so it is easy to know where to connect the woofers.
bring better highs tweeters &amp better lows woofers	I'm no audio expert and there are really too many variables involved to answer that question but, if you already have a crossover matched to your speakers, I don't think you would see any difference.
use crossover send low end sub midtop pioneer bs22s ignore 5k tap	No this crossover needs 8ohms of resistance and the pioneer speakers are 6ohms. I would not recommend doing what you are saying. This crossover is for a single 3-way speaker rated at 8ohms.
hi pair dcm kx10 series two speakers would crossovers work dcm thanks	Looks like it should. Careful though, those JBL's look like they can handle more power than this crossover can so you could possibly damage the crossover if you push it. But otherwise, yes, it should work.
hi speaker woofer play low frequency 50hz hear crossover low frequencies less 800hz	yes you do
want listen ear phones unplug tv	It depends on the TV, if your TV has a line out that fits this size jack then no, but if you are using the headphone jack on the TV then yes, you would need to unplug the cable from the TV to listen to the TV.
male end fit iphone5 jack case	Yes it will
work sony headphones	If you use a basic audio cord then it will work and work well.
connect audio output front computer	Depends on your computer make and model
4 position trrs headset extension cable	No. I bought it so I could listen to tv while my husband slept. And I had to buy other attachments. Honestly I paid $15 for cordless and it was way better.
earphones work good	Not sure, I have tried several with this extension and non of them work. I tried my apple ones that came with my ipod and some from my HP computer and a pair of Sony ones.
way connect something tv connect unplug constantly using tv jack	I hooked a DVD surround sound deck to my cable box with audio cables(you know the red and white) then I put the headphone jack in that so it has no effect on the tv.
regular headphone like computer tv	Yeah, the 3.5mm extension will fit the speaker output for a computer sound card. Not that many TV's I've seen have a 3.5mm jack for a sound output but you might find one somewhere out there these days, so I can't say for a TV jack.
much expensive parts express website $858 vs $1399 also polyfill $5 website	These items are fulfilled by Amazon and they have included shipping. Shipping costs on Parts Express website would be additional, unless the order was over $98.00.
could please clarify confirm 24 kt gold plating please advise maker country origin binding post	It's made here in the us and yes its 24 k plating...These binding posts worked great on multiple subwoofer boxes I've built. Best ones I've tried by far. Quality
states need 14 inch hole mount actual diameter bolt 18 inch hole put	i have a micrometer i could mic them if you really needed. I can tell you with 99.9% certainty that .125" (1/8") hole is too small and will not work. I would believe the specs. as .250" (1/4") is around the dimension I would say the bolt is. I recomend looking at another product. Hope this helped.
speaker wires attach female [inside cabinet end] side mounted metal [conductive] cabinet	no, well you'll have to mount them on an insulated material and then modify the enclosure. the wires mount on the shaft to the solder terminals
many amps take	Assuming you will be using these to conduct AC current (analog audio signal), they will take as much current as any speaker wire you can attach to them. They most likely could take well in excess of 100 amps. Even the most powerful car audio subwoofers rarely see more than about 30 amps AC.
work 90's vintage fisher 3way monkey coffins stv889 stv724	This crossover will work very nicely in your 3-way speakers. You might want to replace your drivers in them one at a time or all at once. I would start with a tweeter that has cutout dimensions for that speaker the same size as the hole in the cab when you take it out.
need circuit board conecting 3 8 ohm speakers parallelthat total ohms amplifier sees 8 ohms	I hope I understand your question correctly. If you connect each of the three speakers to the connections on the crossover, each of the 8 ohm speakers will be fed correctly without any other modification.
sold pairs	No.
compatible knukonceptz 8 gauge speaker wire knukonceptz wire known oversized gauge ratings	I have no idea. I'm only using 12 gauge wire.
ship fuse pictured	No it did not come with a fuse
size wire fuse need least 12 awg wire fit circuit	Well, the wire is not marked but after comparing it to my other wire collection, it must be 10 ga. wire. Also now I noticed that it says 10AWG right in the description.
fit 3 amp fuse	Sure, if its an ATC size fuse. ATC/APR/ATO blade fuses are considered normal size. Not the mini (APM/ATM) or maxi (APX).
atc fuses work ac dc	ONLY DC
two locked together	Are you asking if you can put them "in-line", one after the other. If that is the question, it would serve no purpose. The line would only be protected to the lowest rated fuse.
work 24v 350w scooter motor using 1822 amp fuse	I think it will wor. These are heavy duty inline fuse holders. Very well worth the buy.
mounting tab	No
forgive da wire come pictured show slips wire clamped	The wire is an intricate part of it.
need one attached device tv's computer one attached cable line comes house	You only need one of these, attached to the main cable that comes into your house. That will stop any electrical surge that may come through the cable itself.
work outside roof hdtv antenna &amp tv matter direction protector goes tv example might backward	Should work just fine; direction doesn't matter. Just make sure you have a good "coax grounding block" (also available on Amazon). I'm using them for my Dish antenna which have the grounding blocks already installed.
connect cable boxdvr	One end is male the other is female. So where you would screw the coaxial cable into the box, is where you screw this device in. Then screw the cable to the device.
degradation signal quality would answer vary dependent whether use one juncture point one device	I have the protector on five sets. Some are connected at the wall, some on the cable box....I have no degradation of the signal. I hope they provide adequate protection!
fuse pictured included	Hello, This item doe not include the fuse. Different customers may need different fuses for their specific application. This item works with ATC/ATO (knife) type fuses up to 30 amps. Sincerely, Christina Parts Express Customer Service Team
need connected ground block work stand alone	From my understanding, it is a stand alone device. There is no need to connect it to a ground.
ship apo's	Thank you for contacting Parts Express. We do not ship to APO's due to the time frame it takes for packages to deliver to an APO. The longer shipping process does not meet Amazon's time restrictions for delivery. Sincerely, Customer Service Team
joule rating	what is the joule rating
use 15v switch load &amp	This is a 30amp relay so it depends hoy you wire it, mine is hooked up to a electronic car fan and thermostat
rated 3ghz	It's rated 5-2300 MHz.
protector works cable tv used satellite television fta cband ku signal loss used modem	I have no idea. I called my cable company and asked them if this item would work with what I had with them. And they said yes.
purpose relay else suggest relay pair add back lights	The purpose of a relay is to allow high amperage draw accessories such as winches or auxiliary lights the ability to be switched on and off without out running heavy gauge wires to the ON/OFF switches not be rated for that load.
used motorcyle location could possibly damp wonder waterproof	The relay is a basic low cost 12VDC relay. I used mine on my car horn in which it is damp continuously. If this is for a critical system buy a more expensive 'sealed" 12VDC relay. 
ok use 110 v ac normally open pins	No is made for 12 v dc
handle continuous load entire stereo system many amps	It depends on what you are running if your using it to turn the remote wire on the amp on then you could probably run as many as you wish but if you are trying to isolate the amp from the battery you would need a circuit breaker or a starter style solenoid
connect cable boxdvr	Screw in place between the inbound dish or cable lead and your gone splitter or modem. Closer to the inbound cable source better chance it can catch a surge before it hits something
4 prong relayi using air horn relaysince one comes harbor freight horns seem go quickly	No this is a five prong relay
fit drivers door 2006 dodge magnum sxt	I have installed these kits on many vehicles. Never found a single one that it wouldn't work on. An actuator by itself will not work. You will need the complete kit. Everything you need is included in the kit.
fit 2000 ford ranger	It fits a 1998 Ford Explorer. I used it to replace my front driver door motor, BUT it is NOT a direct replacement. There are probably some How-Tos's on YouTube to help you get properly installed.
fit honda accord se 1997	Yes.
whenever search caterpillar relay part number 1151615 comes compatible relay look physically	Yes they should be the same, have all the same funtions. I used this to wire a remote start to my vehicle.
would door lock actuator work lexus rx 300 2001 year	no it will not fit or work with out extreme adaptation, it is meant to be used for adapting a vehicle with out power locks to a vehicle with power locks, or for adding to tool boxes on work trucks, best bet is to get the correct part for the car
work 2009 ford focus	The ford is a 12 volt system so yes, but if your looking for a direct replacement of a faulty relay probably not
part required remote start	It really depends on the remote start unit you are installing and how complete of an installation that you are doing. Some remote start units will have connections to drive the door locks, truck release, interior lights, etc.
work 2000 dodge durango passenger front door	It depends on what you mean by "work". As a direct replacement for the OEM part, using the same holes, fasteners, and mounting technique and the same link arm...absolutely not. As an aftermarket replacement that you could wire into the factory wiring and make work if you have reasonable mechanical skills...absolutely yes.
installed 2008 mazda5	These are universal fit door lock actuators. They do not install in place of the original actuator. You do not even have to remove the original only remove the wires from the original to power the universal actuator. 
2001 hyundai elantra need driver side door looking picture appears passenger door unless flip	It will work either door, you may have to get creative when mounting the actuator
hello mine power door locks use even car without actuator	Yes but buy the switch kit
two mismatched coaxial speakers door honda accorda schosche sony xplod coaxial running boston acoustics component system behind door panel tweeters mounted factory location need	yes i think they would be a great choice.they can handel a lot of power for a small set pair of speakers.and sound great!!
rms	I am not sure. If 100 watt was peak, one could assume 60 rms would be OK. I never installed the bass tube I repaired with this in a vehicle yet nor have much more than 20 Watts when I bench tested it. If I had looked closer I would have purchased the 4 ohm version. It works fine with a home stereo amp driving it. Regards
impedance speakers	8 ohms
required diameter cutout hole go	Dayton Audio's web site has this information and more details: http://www.daytonaudio.com/index.php/dc160-8-6-1-2-classic-woofer.html There the baffle cut-out is specified as 144.6 mm, which is a little less than 5&3/4". 
sub added vizio 20 sound bar small mediumsized hdtv's get tvgamesmusic	The Vizio 2.0 does have a subwoofer RCA output. Buy a subwoofer RCA male-to-male cord (rec Mediabridge) and connect to the Polk's subwoofer input.
way make unlock drivers door first one push remote second push remote opens doors	Depends on what is controlling the actuator. This is the part that does the work but you still need something to control the actuator. For me it is an alarm system which does not have the functionality that you are inquiring about. It is both or none for me.
good afternoon write venezuela 2007 aveo chevroleta&ntildeo actuator correct part car thank hope answer	It should work, maybe not a direct bolt in, but with some minor modifications you should be able to make it work fine. It's function is to act as a simple solenoid and move the lock bar up or down, or forward and back, depending on the style of your locks.
use yamaha rx373 receiver	Absolutely...
two audio engine 5 speakers hook subwoofer sound card computer may hook speakers	You can try to connect it to your sound card with compatible ends or connect directly to speakers with speaker wire. I just use the RCA jack for my surround sound system.
opinion best power setting normal use auto unit	I use auto. Might as well let it figure when it needs power. No sense leaving it on 24/7.
grill cover	Yes! Slight bow to it.
yamaha rxv477 requires audio pin cable hook subwoofer work	There are only a right and left audio plugin on back of unit. I had to order the one that has one Plug on one end and splits to aid to plug right and left because my Yamaha receiver has one output but this sub woofer has a right and a left
work yamaha v675 receiver	Yes it will work! Run a component wire (RCA) cable from subwoofer out on ur Yamaha to red rca plug in on subwoofer! In fact u could have 2 seperate subwoofers with ur stereo if like!
need yadpater sound tech told one sub wire would trick plug l ignore r true	I used an adapter, I'm not sure it would work correctly if you only plugged into the left side. Adapters and other cables are extremely cheap online, so I would just grab what's needed and do it the right way.
onkyo htr 640 receiver spbs21lr center channel sub pair well	The subwoofer would be a great addition,just don't turn up the bass too much it may over power your pioneer speakers.
speaker volume control thanks	Yes. There is a Volume knob and a Low Pass filter knob. Note: If you are using a Sub out/LFE connection from your receiver turn the Low Pass all the way up.
work direct tv receivers anyone tried direct tv receivers	I've got one of these hooked up to my DirecTV HD DVR and I have no problems at all.
hdmi cables somone explain	Retailers will always try to tell you that Monster is best because they make such an enormous amount of profit if you buy that $99 cable. 
like priceoffer need hdmi cable get new dvd player ancient tv mid90s	It depends on your tv. One that old will not have an hdmi port, however the DVD player will. Though it will have the av cables too. So no, you don't need one.
cable work streaming device tv	Yes. I'm using it with a Roku. It works very well.
told connect cable pc tower flat screen pc monitor would improve clarity monitor true thanks	Yes its better quality than vga
arc audio return channel feature work cable	Thanks. That's the exact thing I want to know.
mini hdmi	No. This was the full size HDMI jacks. They look small in the pictures online, but they are the full size like on you T.V. Hope I saved you some time and money.
use bd 3d player thanks	These cables can work with your BD player, but I would recommend using something more suitable for 3D players, because though these cables are ATC certified, which means that they can pass a HD signal up to 1080p, they won't give you great 3D quality.
samsung anynet hdmicec cable meet criteria	Idk what CEC means, but when i purchased my cables from monoprice, the anynet functionality of the tv with the bluray player worked without a problem. Just simply connect the two ends of the cable, and tv will recognize it.
work dell led monitor want pc	I connect this to connect my MacBook 2008 via DVI cable to my HDTV and it works great! I don't see why it wouldn't work on a PC
charger universal 110240 current capabilities	yes
minimum size	For all laptops 16" and smaller
ethernet connection office networks	It doesn't. You have to use the ethernet connection on your laptop.
ports wondering ports docking station high speed 20 ports regular speed	high-speed USB 2.0
singapore anyone confirm made singapore	The bundle that I purchased is from Singapore. The info is on the plastic wrapper that is used to seal the bundle. The printing is probably a font 3 so it is hard to read. Look in the white product discription area, next to the bar code
come 4 aa batteries	Yes, 4. Great batteries for a Nikon speed flash.
copy home made movies already dvd	Dual layer DVD's are great for making copies of movies. Some of the best copying software is either DVDFAB, or Nero. Dual layer disks can be used for copying dual layer movies, or you can put at least two (2) movies on the same disk.
able burn home videos transferred mac using dl discs apple usb superdrive	Yes, I burned videos with the drive in my iMac. Keep in mind that format and size (MB's) are factors.
dvds shippng	Hello. All of the items offered by Norex Group are shipped from the US.
good put pics computer cant replaced	Yes
could anyone please tell use regular dvd burer came computeri use roxio burn dvd's thank	That's not really enough info. Chances are if it was made after 2010, probably, but I'd need to know the model of te drive or your computer.
actual max burn rate verbatim 96577 erroneous advertising discs really burned faster	actually you can burn faster if your DVD writer supports it. I can burn at 6x on my Pioneer drive.
using c401fsb charger several years looks almost identical one need replacement ac charger also car adapter	I have only used the charger occasionally. 
play bluray players	Absolutely. Worth the price for me as I have not had one not be able to record yet.
allow 87 sony optriarc mkm001 used cheaper verbs memorex still 85 sony optriarc	First make sure you have the Sony Optriarc Plus, Yes they are mkm-001, and mine reads them as 8.7gb and burns really well
speaker volume control thanks	Yes. There is a Volume knob and a Low Pass filter knob. Note: If you are using a Sub out/LFE connection from your receiver turn the Low Pass all the way up.
verbatim reliable burning xbox 360 backups	Yes these are the best ones for burning 360 games
use yamaha rx373 receiver	Absolutely...
sub added vizio 20 sound bar small mediumsized hdtv's get tvgamesmusic	The Vizio 2.0 does have a subwoofer RCA output. Buy a subwoofer RCA male-to-male cord (rec Mediabridge) and connect to the Polk's subwoofer input.
two audio engine 5 speakers hook subwoofer sound card computer may hook speakers	You can try to connect it to your sound card with compatible ends or connect directly to speakers with speaker wire. I just use the RCA jack for my surround sound system.
opinion best power setting normal use auto unit	I use auto. Might as well let it figure when it needs power. No sense leaving it on 24/7.
grill cover	Yes! Slight bow to it.
onkyo htr 640 receiver spbs21lr center channel sub pair well	The subwoofer would be a great addition,just don't turn up the bass too much it may over power your pioneer speakers.
yamaha rxv477 requires audio pin cable hook subwoofer work	There are only a right and left audio plugin on back of unit. I had to order the one that has one Plug on one end and splits to aid to plug right and left because my Yamaha receiver has one output but this sub woofer has a right and a left
come wall power suply adapter	Yes it comes with the AC power cords
need yadpater sound tech told one sub wire would trick plug l ignore r true	I used an adapter, I'm not sure it would work correctly if you only plugged into the left side. Adapters and other cables are extremely cheap online, so I would just grab what's needed and do it the right way.
work microcell	I don't see why not. I found the whole set up to be a bit less than stellar and decided to switch to Apple Airport Extreme and Express. It's much easier to use and much more reliable. plug and play and it just works. You can also use two expresses or three if necessary and they'll work together seamlessly as one big network.
connect tablet smartphone	not with this product. this product is intended to allow only a single cable (cat5/cat6) to provide both communications and Power to a Remote Access Point or Router.
work ipad lightning connector	No. This is for supplying power and data to a POE device. I use it for POE cameras.
allow plug spdif output slot tv convert 35mm jack	Sort of, you can plug it into an spdif cable that is attached to your TV then you can use it from a 3.5mm spdif jack, not a normal headphone jack.
fast data transfer rate	If Im not mistaken, the data link is just a pass-thru, so if you plug in GigE, then it should work at full speed. The big part of these are the 48VDC that it sends up the wire, and then you can choose via a switch on the "upper end" what you want your Vout to be.
work yamaha v675 receiver	Yes it will work! Run a component wire (RCA) cable from subwoofer out on ur Yamaha to red rca plug in on subwoofer! In fact u could have 2 seperate subwoofers with ur stereo if like!
want go toslink surround reciever headphone new imac adapter trick	That's what I'm using it for to my 2007 MacBook. So as long as the iMac has the combo headphone/toslink jack then it should do the trick. I suggest making sure to get any dust/debris out of the combo jack first as dust will interrupt the signal.
work macbook pro	It should. If your macbook pro has S/PDIF optical digital audio output then it will work. You can confirm by going to Apple Menu&gt;About This Mac&gt;More Info...&gt;System Report and then click on Audio under Hardware.
turtle beach px5 headset pc optical digital output work optical cable connect px5 receiver	This adapter converts a std toslink cable to a 3.5mm mini toslink optical (SPDIF). ie Optical to Optical. 
sony sound bar optical inputs optical cable able play music phone adapter	Hello, This will only work to play music from your phone if the phone has an optical output and I do not know of any that do. You will have to get an analog to digital converter in order to play anything through the phone. Unfortunately we do not have anything like this available. Sincerely, Matt Technical Support Team
mini toslink mini toslink work	It will most certainly work but good luck getting it off once you put it on...
yamaha sound bar take optical input want use adapter laptop 35 mm head phone jack sound bar work	It needs to have an S/PDIF output slot. On some higher end laptops, the 3.5mm headphone jack doubles as that but you will have to look at your laptop specs and see if it has an S/PDIF output.
plug soundbar toslink spdif coaxial slot tv	No. This is simply to change the optical toslink from the larger, standard square male plug to the 3.5mm male plug. Both devices must have optical connections.
bose sound bar optical cord tv digital adapter work	I found it didn't work for my mac mini to my samsung lcd tv with the same way you want to connect your Bose to your tv.
need hdmi cables optical cords also use optical cords	Here's the deal: Apparently most tvs will downgrade the signal from the hdmi into 2.1 so if you use an optical audio out from the tv to the receiver it is transmitting the 2.1 signal to the receiver so you won't be getting the 5.1 dolby digital surround.
want know this' running xbox one 35 speakers	Yes.
use connect tv ears 30 samsung syncmaster lcd tv monitor	It appears not. Must purchase the digital model.
work sennheiser rs120 connect transmitter	Not sure what the dimensions are of the rs120 but this connector is standard square push in type.
samsung tv 5000 need toconnect audio toa analog receiver iconnect headphones	I would simply use asset of rca type cables.I am not sure what brand of receiver you have but all of them I have seen have the red/white rca jacks for multipul inputs. 
connect digital audio optic interface connect digital audio optic cable	You probably have discovered by now that this unit does not have optical (toslink) audio out, only digital coax (a single RCA jack that may have a yellow colored collar).
kind optical audio cable connect old model receiver optical port	I was not able to find one for my 2005 LG TV. The maker of the one I tried which didn't work said his company's converter required a TV with PCM- that their converter would not decode dolby. I checked with LG and they say my TV doesn't have PCM. It has AC3. Hence the converter would not work.
audio optical cables better rca cables considering changing rca optical sound bar tv	Oh yea, the are better. Much better sound quality than from a rca cable.
snapped cable sound bar need take hook home theatre however cable stuck would come pressed sides effort get luck ideas get	Gentle but steady pressure straight back out from the plug.
120 first came male plugin device part number sennheiser 120 male prong plugin device	HERE'S THE BAD NEWS....If you have an analog TV, what came with your SENNHEISER 120 will work. But if you have a digital type TV, you'll have to buy addition equipment to make your SENNHEISER 120 to work.
phylipps optic cable compatable vizio tv &amp vizio home theater speakers cant get snap	it is compatible. Just be sure to remove the little plastic protectors from the ends of the cable first.
cable ok use wireless headphones &amp need adaptor transmitter	This cable like other optical cables could work with any wireless headphones with optical input on the transmitter. Be sure that yours have this optical input.
many pcs 5x dimension mean 5 pcs	came with one piece in my order.
reduce radiation put cord cell phone headset	no
suppress noise usb cable desk top computer audio amplifier	Too many unknowns, but in general, yes.
polycom conference phone hear static devices microwaves sure rf ac adapter help	I'm not sure either. I was receiving interference from a CBer in a truck who parked near our casita. His rantings were picked up by our PC audio wires and came through too loud and clear. I added this choke but it couldn't prevent the CB transmissions.
fiber optic cables vs hdmi fiber optic cables difference digital fiber optical cable hdmi fiber optic cable	An HDMI cable is copper based; not fiber optic. To answer the meat of your question, yes, an HDMI cable is able to carry both Video (Picture) and Audio (Sound). While, an optical cable only carries audio.
getting rf noise solar charge controller cb radio base station garage help noise goes away solar	It should help suppress it quite a bit just make sure you get the right diameter size so that it fits your cord snugly. Good luck
exact serial\model looking kvr400x64c3ak2	each sticker is from a different company that make the memory i`m just guessing here but i would say the kvr is a name for kingston the 400 is the speed like 100,133,200, 400 and the x64 would be the megabites. but i have a 4gb stick the number is kvr16n11s8/4 under that it has 4gb pc312800 cl11 240pin dimm.
1 gb versus 2 gb someone clarify	Greg, I just recently purchase this item and its not a total 2 gb kit, its only a 1 gb kit (512 mb for each strip) I feel cheated because in the description says that its a total 2 gb kit, DONT PURCHASE THIS ITEM
ecc nonecc	It was non ECC
work dell optiplex 170l desktop	Yes ... make sure you install both of the cards at the same time... system will not recognize unlike cards..DO NOT over handle cards (take out of package and install, have clean but not damp hands). should improve system speed, this upgrade is the max the system can handle... have fun and enjoy your new found speed...
whtats package item blister oem antiestatic bag	The two memory cards are in an anti-static envelopes.
single sided ram need dell dimension 1100	No, ram is mounted on both sides of these modules
fit dell 600m laptop[	Supposedly, but not recommended. See:http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080411232943AAE6St2 You might look for these: http://www.memorystock.com/DellInspiron600M.html Hope this helps.
iphone power cable fitment	I don't understand your question. Pretty sure this item is too big for iPhone power. You would probably want a 1/8 inch adapter instead. Good luck!
help get rid radio signal coming 35 jack	In my experience, no. I tried this for the same use. I purchased two of them and tried them in varying places around the cable from one end to another. Surprisingly, I got a little better signal with 2 of them on one cable, but not good enough to be happy. 
use sony home receiver	No, it's for a vehicle
2gb 2x1gb modules	Yes absolutely
size fuse would use power wire eq	ten amp fuse or lower to protect the device.
kit work emachines t3516 single sided sdram config cardetc	sorry I don't know, just do a google search. It should though if it originally had windows xp , order it, if it does not work return it back.
hook 2 sets 2 red 2 white rca output jacks 1 set 1 red 1 white rca input jacks equalizer	They make splitters. One male to two female ends. Should be able to find them on amazon or e bay
power sub	No ... just a preamp for bass. You need an amplifier for you bass.
fit sienna le 98 model	The unit is an external mount not internal. So it should mount in any vehicle. The unit is mid to low grade so u have a 50/50 shot of getting a good one
installation guide indicates internal offon switch activated head unit switch manually moved	No the switch works from the power antenna wire or switch power source of some kind. All amps are built like this so that when you turn your head unit on the amp comes on and when you turn your head unit off the amp goes off. Or the same way on the key switch
speaker outputs bridged 1 channel	Im not sure I've never tried. Idk if that would be wise to do with this unit though boss really isn't top notch so I don't experiment with it. Hope this helps
boss ava 14047 eq suitable pioneer home stereo receiver	You could wire it up and use it with an ac to dc converter. However seeing as how this only allows for two input channels, I think I would get something more specific for a household equalizer to save you time and hastles.
max put unit	Manufacturer claim 200 watts maximum with 12db boost on each band they don't give an rms rating my guess is about 15-20 watts rms with 0.05 distortion rating . But it is enough for me to boost my stock Mazda stereo
askinreviewspage signing 1378964571811	Answer ahesdsf asdfasd
askinreviewspage valid question 1378964502995	Tesdfa fasdfsdaf asdfsdafasdfTesdfa fasdfsdaf asdfsdafasdfTesdfa fasdfsdaf asdfsdafasdfTesdfa fasdfsdaf asdfsdafasdfTe
posting completing captcha 1411601082891	answering here ads fasdas
popover question without pen name 1411599578057	anotehr anasdf asd
dsf asdf asf asf	fasdfasd?
askinreviewspage setting default pen name 1378938844911	Test
somebody look back keyboard let know sku item eg skr4200u need	I looked on the back of mine and SKR-4200U is listed as the the MODEL. Here are the other numbers on the back. CODE: 903U71210101 FCC ID: GJJSKR-4200U P/N: GTU-0033 S/N: 0DRY463985 KR2. Hope this helps! :-)
usb keyboard mention connects computer	yes
good tendonitis sufferers	It certainly should be since it is adjustable by both height and angle. I would think you could adjust it to the position which works best for your particular situation.
would need hook 2 sets rca outputs one eq	one for your amp if you wanna run one to it but not nessary.and one for your cd player that's needed to capture the output from the sound.if you don't have a amp that you don't wanna run to it.just a set will be fine.just run it from your cd player and into the amplified eq.it sounds pretty good
camera backside illumination	No! The camara is blurry. i bough 2.and both got burn in less the a week i didnt use it no more the 3hour a day
work windows desktop	Don't know, didn't try since I am a Mac person. However, I don't think it will since every camera I purchased had to specifically say it is either Mac or PC/Mac compatible. The iSight is specifically a Mac environment designed camera.
use mac minilate 2012 mac pro	Well I think it's ok but it freezes. My other cam froze too . I think it's the Mac mini not the cam; I have a mini , so I think the cam is ok. I read a bit and people say it's the card in the mini that causes it. I don't know, but u Cannot change the card in the mini. If u know a cam that works better, let me know, thx
imacpro wattt unversewant view apartment away via ipad iphone 4s viewed ipad internet srvc different need look elsewhere yes	There's no such thing as an iMac Pro to my knowledge (there are iMacs, MacBook Pros and Mac Pros, but no iMac Pros). 
lost wirefire cable wonder kind replacement cable get thanks	Looks like a standard firewire cable, the two ends of the cable are the same.
hi I looking exactly lens olympus e4100 mount want old version sigma105mm macro os get	Not available from us
work 5d mark iii	I am sorry all I know as a periodontist it works great with close up introral photographs.
lens use nikon d5100	Yes, the D5100 has a F lens mount. The Sigma for Nikon fits this mount.
right hikon 3100dwill lenes work nikon7000 adapture inter change thanks	Yes your lenses will work...
works d80	Yes, the nikon mount version works with all nikon models
sigma 105mm f28 ex dg work nikon dx cameras	Yes
internal focusing lens lens barrel extend focus	It is not an internal focusing lens - the barrel extends as you focus. That being said, there is a convenient macro ratio scale on the lens barrel, and it's very handy when setting up a macro shot.
lens meter d5100 know af work camera still able tell whether shot overunderexposed	Yes
autofocus work nikon d5100 would like know teleconverter available d5100 lens	Well, it certainly should if you purchase it in a Nikon mount. :) It is an older design - optically superb, but not the fastest focusing lens.
work fx &amp dx camera d7000 &amp d700	The lens works with both crop and full-frame sensors, hence the DG label. It is a fantastically sharp lens, you will love it!
lens use nikon d5100	Yes, the D5100 has a F lens mount. The Sigma for Nikon fits this mount.
hi I looking exactly lens olympus e4100 mount want old version sigma105mm macro os get	Not available from us
work 5d mark iii	I am sorry all I know as a periodontist it works great with close up introral photographs.
right hikon 3100dwill lenes work nikon7000 adapture inter change thanks	Yes your lenses will work...
works d80	Yes, the nikon mount version works with all nikon models
sigma 105mm f28 ex dg work nikon dx cameras	Yes
internal focusing lens lens barrel extend focus	It is not an internal focusing lens - the barrel extends as you focus. That being said, there is a convenient macro ratio scale on the lens barrel, and it's very handy when setting up a macro shot. 
lens meter d5100 know af work camera still able tell whether shot overunderexposed	Yes
autofocus work nikon d5100 would like know teleconverter available d5100 lens	Well, it certainly should if you purchase it in a Nikon mount. :) It is an older design - optically superb, but not the fastest focusing lens. It has a two zone focus limiter to prevent racking the lens thru the entire focus range.
right hikon 3100dwill lenes work nikon7000 adapture inter change thanks	Yes your lenses will work...
internal focusing lens lens barrel extend focus	It is not an internal focusing lens - the barrel extends as you focus. That being said, there is a convenient macro ratio scale on the lens barrel, and it's very handy when setting up a macro shot.
hi I looking exactly lens olympus e4100 mount want old version sigma105mm macro os get	Not available from us
work 5d mark iii	I am sorry all I know as a periodontist it works great with close up introral photographs.
works d80	Yes, the nikon mount version works with all nikon models
sigma 105mm f28 ex dg work nikon dx cameras	Yes
autofocus work nikon d5100 would like know teleconverter available d5100 lens	Well, it certainly should if you purchase it in a Nikon mount. :) It is an older design - optically superb, but not the fastest focusing lens.
lens use nikon d5100	Yes, the D5100 has a F lens mount. The Sigma for Nikon fits this mount.
work fx &amp dx camera d7000 &amp d700	The lens works with both crop and full-frame sensors, hence the DG label. It is a fantastically sharp lens, you will love it!
lens meter d5100 know af work camera still able tell whether shot overunderexposed	Yes
work fx &amp dx camera d7000 &amp d700	The lens works with both crop and full-frame sensors, hence the DG label. It is a fantastically sharp lens, you will love it!
internal focusing lens lens barrel extend focus	It is not an internal focusing lens - the barrel extends as you focus. That being said, there is a convenient macro ratio scale on the lens barrel, and it's very handy when setting up a macro shot. 
hi I looking exactly lens olympus e4100 mount want old version sigma105mm macro os get	Not available from us
work 5d mark iii	I am sorry all I know as a periodontist it works great with close up introral photographs.
lens use nikon d5100	Yes, the D5100 has a F lens mount. The Sigma for Nikon fits this mount.
right hikon 3100dwill lenes work nikon7000 adapture inter change thanks	Yes your lenses will work...
lens meter d5100 know af work camera still able tell whether shot overunderexposed	Yes
autofocus work nikon d5100 would like know teleconverter available d5100 lens	Well, it certainly should if you purchase it in a Nikon mount. :) It is an older design - optically superb, but not the fastest focusing lens.
work fx &amp dx camera d7000 &amp d700	The lens works with both crop and full-frame sensors, hence the DG label. It is a fantastically sharp lens, you will love it!
works d80	Yes, the nikon mount version works with all nikon models
nikon d40 lens work nikon d40	The autofocus will not although the lens in general will necessarily work.
sigma 105mm f28 ex dg work nikon dx cameras	Yes
lens focus motor equivalent nikon dx lens	It does but works best in manual.
autofocus work properly nikon d5300 camera	Not sure about the 5300. but, I can say that it works fine on my NIKON D 90.
lens work canon t3i camera	Yes
auto focus work 5d mk iii read lens autofocus newer cameras made autofocus film cameras	It works with my 6D. I am not sure about the 5D MKIII since I don't own one.
lens auto focus nikon d200	Yes, but you need to make sure that when you purchase it to click on the button "Nikon SLR Camera" as Sigma makes lenses for each different camera brand. I'm very happy with it!!
nikon d40 lens work nikon d40	The autofocus will not although the lens in general will necessarily work.
lens work canon rebel xsi	Yes
lens work canon t5i dslr	Why YES it will, HOWEVER the t5i has Canon's cropped sensor of 1.6, multiply by the focal length of 50mm makes this lens an effective focal length of an 80mm lens. 
lens work canon t5i dslr	Why YES it will, HOWEVER the t5i has Canon's cropped sensor of 1.6, multiply by the focal length of 50mm makes this lens an effective focal length of an 80mm lens. This is a clear lens offering wonderful portrait along with macro capabilities. Just practice good macro techniques and you should have a fine lens.
lens work canon rebel xsi	Yes
autofocus work properly nikon d5300 camera	Not sure about the 5300. but, I can say that it works fine on my NIKON D 90.
lens focus motor equivalent nikon dx lens	It does but works best in manual.
looking nice lens use son's wedding	I don't have enough information yet....what other lenses do you own, and what camera would you be shooting with? Are you the main photographer? Are you bringing lights or at least a high(er) powered flash unit? This is a great lens for macro use, but with a maximum aperture of f/2.8 this cannot be considered a fast lens at all.
looking nice lens use son's wedding	I don't have enough information yet....what other lenses do you own, and what camera would you be shooting with? Are you the main photographer? Are you bringing lights or at least a high(er) powered flash unit? This is a great lens for macro use, but with a maximum aperture of f/2.8 this cannot be considered a fast lens at all.
nikon d40 lens work nikon d40	The autofocus will not although the lens in general will necessarily work.
lens auto focus nikon d200	Yes, but you need to make sure that when you purchase it to click on the button "Nikon SLR Camera" as Sigma makes lenses for each different camera brand. I'm very happy with it!!
lens work canon t3i camera	Yes
lens work canon t5i dslr	Why YES it will, HOWEVER the t5i has Canon's cropped sensor of 1.6, multiply by the focal length of 50mm makes this lens an effective focal length of an 80mm lens. This is a clear lens offering wonderful portrait along with macro capabilities. Just practice good macro techniques and you should have a fine lens.
lens work canon rebel xsi	Yes
looking nice lens use son's wedding	I don't have enough information yet....what other lenses do you own, and what camera would you be shooting with? Are you the main photographer? Are you bringing lights or at least a high(er) powered flash unit? This is a great lens for macro use, but with a maximum aperture of f/2.8 this cannot be considered a fast lens at all.
lens focus motor equivalent nikon dx lens	It does but works best in manual.
auto focus work 5d mk iii read lens autofocus newer cameras made autofocus film cameras	It works with my 6D. I am not sure about the 5D MKIII since I don't own one. I believe the electronic interface for all canon camera is standard and the same, and so it should work.
nikon d40 lens work nikon d40	The autofocus will not although the lens in general will necessarily work.
autofocus work properly nikon d5300 camera	Not sure about the 5300. but, I can say that it works fine on my NIKON D 90.
auto focus work 5d mk iii read lens autofocus newer cameras made autofocus film cameras	It works with my 6D. I am not sure about the 5D MKIII since I don't own one.
lens work canon t5i dslr	Why YES it will, HOWEVER the t5i has Canon's cropped sensor of 1.6, multiply by the focal length of 50mm makes this lens an effective focal length of an 80mm lens.
lens focus motor equivalent nikon dx lens	It does but works best in manual.
lens work canon rebel xsi	Yes
lens work canon t3i camera	Yes
autofocus work properly nikon d5300 camera	Not sure about the 5300. but, I can say that it works fine on my NIKON D 90.
looking nice lens use son's wedding	I don't have enough information yet....what other lenses do you own, and what camera would you be shooting with? Are you the main photographer? Are you bringing lights or at least a high(er) powered flash unit? This is a great lens for macro use, but with a maximum aperture of f/2.8 this cannot be considered a fast lens at all.
lens auto focus nikon d200	Yes, but you need to make sure that when you purchase it to click on the button "Nikon SLR Camera" as Sigma makes lenses for each different camera brand. I'm very happy with it!!
auto focus work 5d mk iii read lens autofocus newer cameras made autofocus film cameras	It works with my 6D. I am not sure about the 5D MKIII since I don't own one. 
thinking getting solar system house 1500wt inverter know fuse terms understand step step easy instructions please thanks	You want to first consult your owners manual for the 1500 wt inverter to see what size and type of fuse they recommend. I have a Zantrex 2000 wt and also another at 1000wt and Mine recommended the ANL Fuse.
anyone confirm dimensions product amazoncom says 98 inches length 5 seems likely I hoping 45	I just measured it for you: 5" long x 1 5/8" wide x 1 1/2" high
lens auto focus nikon d200	Yes, but you need to make sure that when you purchase it to click on the button "Nikon SLR Camera" as Sigma makes lenses for each different camera brand. I'm very happy with it!!
one quick question part flat base double sided tape affixed easily I seen models flat	It is not flat on the bottom but rather has recessed areas. In my opinion, double sided tape would not work very well. The only way to make it work would be to cut small pieces to fit in the recessed areas and build up several layers.
size terminals wanting put 38 ring terminal either side	Posts are 1/4", 3/8" ring terminal will work OK
good day min max fuse holder take thank	I have used the 100 - 200 amp fuses with no problem I would think all the fuses would work for the design the holder is fairly big to make accomidations for different sizes
work 1999 touota pickup	If your turn signal lights in back are separate from your brake lights usually orange or amber it should work.
work 1999 saab 93	Even if your turn lights and stop lights are separate, it will work. You just need to have it installed by a professional. Or if you can do it, there is an easy instruction on how to splice it to your wirings. It's pretty simple instruction. Good luck
work 1996 jeep grand cherokee limited	It worked great on my 1997 Ford Ranger. Should work on a Jeep.
use kit substitute tail light pigtail	This is the converter and the connector together. So much better than two pieces. Works fine, and a good price too
work trailer leds	i have 2 off these hooked up to LED bar brake lights on a Nissan Frontier and Chevy Colorado, they work fine.
four wire trailer plug trailer pull behind 1500 honda goldwing convert five wire four wire	It should assuming your five wires are: right turn, left turn, stop, taillight, and ground.
work 2007 grand marquies	I Installed this item on my Pickup with no problems. This should work on your Mercury, but Installation may be more difficult since the wiring is not as accessible as it is on pickups.
better analog digital	I'm not sure,but I do know the law enforcement is going to change all to digital as soon as they can get it in their buget..Now your thinking I got this piticurlar on here..I did but returned it because would not work for me..
nascar scanner	Yes, it will pickup the communications between the drivers and their crews during the Nascar races. That's exactly what I do with mine and the reason I purchased it.
used charging	Yes
scanner football	I have no idea. I do not like football and would never try to find it on any radio or scanner or TV.
scanner compatible apco 25 systems	NOT COMPATABLE WITH APCO P25 try the Uniden BCD-396xt or Radio Shack pro-106 or PSR-800 which is the only scanner that supports apco25 Phase 2 and X2 TDMA
military scanner	I don't think so. Police, fire, weather......
need buy ac adapter uniden scanner	It comes with one
digital	Uniden says the reception type is Analog. Specifications http://www.uniden.com/scanners/100-channel-handheld-scanner/invt/bc72xltg
batterybackupsurge protector be750g thisbattery replacement	Yes I think this one will work for you. HOWEVER, I would go to the apc.com website, input your model and serial numbers to be absolutely sure before you order. I did some of that for you, except for the serial number of course, and it appears that the RBC17 is the correct one.
dimensions ah value	According to specs from APC web-site: Net Weight 5.70 lbs. (2.59 kg) Maximum Height 2.56 inches (65 mm) Maximum Width 3.72 inches (94 mm) Maximum Depth 5.95 inches (151 mm) Battery Volt-Amp-Hour Capacity 108 Thanks. Alex.
voltage amperage battery	12Volts DC and 8.5 amp hr
genuine apc product	Yes, it has the APC label pasted on the side, as shown.
way recharge batteries	Most UPS units automatically charge and provide the proper "float" voltage to the battery once a full charge is achieved. If the battery no longer holds a charge, either the UPS charger is not functioning or the battery has reached the end of it's life cycle.
work ups 550	Can't say for sure. There are different families of APC "BackUPS" series. The 17 was a drop in OEM replacement for the 750. So, can't say for sure it works with the 550. Check the cross reference for the exact model you have on the APC web site.
battery work backups rs 650this use 220v ups	I assume you are asking because you have a UPS with a missing battery. If not, read the label on the battery, and replace it with matching specs EXACTLY.
average manufacturing dates batteries	Hi Matthew. I see where you are going with this. I don't see an actual date on the battery itself. This info may be part of a serial number or another code. I am finding that the replacement battery is not holding a full charge the way I think it should. My opinion is that replacing the battery is simply a temporary solution.
right battery apc backups 650	Yes, this is the correct battery replacement for the Back-UPS 650. I have verified this in the unit's user manual.
fit apc be750bb	The battery I purchased did.
scanner used indiana	It should be able to. Unless local laws prohibit. It scans frequencies and you just have to store that frequency.
windows 81 compatible	it works fine with 8.1. you do have to install it in control panel-audio
digital scanner	Indeed this is fully digital with all the bells and whistles, including the ability to manage content on your computer and upload to the device. -Troy F
headset compatible model verykool r23 phone micro usb socket came stereo earbuds inline mic thanks	Sorry, I returned this headset.................I don't know what a model Verykool r23 is...........anyway I didn't find this headset very satisfactory.
help	I've had the same problem since I plugged it in. A small buzzing sound that gets louder. If I tap the earpiece where the mic arm is attached it goes away briefly. I sent that pair back, but the new set does the exact same thing. Any help would be appreciated.
used fire tablet	No it can't. The connection for this is the audio and sound jacks found on a desktop tower
used pc	Yep! I use them on my Dell all-in-one PC and my Laptop for a podcast show I guest on and also for Skype.
headset used ipad	Yes
work lenovo pc	I used the headset on my HP laptop. It worked great. I have not tried these on a Lenovo PC.
clamping voltage one	The HT10DBS's clamping voltage is 140V. Thank you for your interest in the HT10DBS!
headset compatible cell home wifi phones	Well, it has a plug for the headphones and a plug for the mic, so unless your phone has a jack for the mic, you'll probably only be able to use the headphones.
protected ethernet 10100 101001000	According to some of the reviews, this will only work for up to 100Mbit Ethernet, not Gigabit. But if you're using this to protect a cable modem (coax in from wall and out to modem, Ethernet in from modem and out to router), then you shouldn't need anything more than 100Mbit protection.
surge protector mountable	YES! it is mountable.
hello besides 120 volts input also work 110115 volts input thanks	Yes, basically the voltage output will match the voltage input. This power strip was designed for 120 volts, but I don't think it will be effected by the lower (110-115) voltage, It will still provide the same suppression protection.
hi home theater 1830 watts rms 42 led tv directv protector works supports home theater	I've had the protector on my 55" Samsung LED T.V. along with my DVD player and a few other things. This seems to work well. 
hdmi port product	This does not support surge suppression on HDMI. Unless you are running HDMI through the wall to get to your television, such suppression also should not be necessary provided you have surge suppression on the power delivery for all components, on the coax lines for cable/satellite, and any coax/phone lines for cable/DSL internet service.
bought use rosetta stone macbook pro sound seems work mic working defected	check your connections, and also check your software. It works fine with Dragon, but I don't know about any other software.
real dimensions reported 22 x 08 x 142 inches doubt thing 08 high	Just taking a glance at mine, it is about 4" wide x 2" high x 14" long. Hope this helps.
850w psu gaming pc triple 27' monitors well moden able handle	Yes
recieves massages record personel message someone call	No this is simply a caller ID. It is great for the visually impaired but you would need a separate answering machine.
wall mounted thank	Yes. There are mounting holes on the bottom and I currently have mine mounted on a wall.
chepone	Nope, I have the expensive one that was over $100.00.
sharper image info globe get instruction manual sharper image info globe message center caller id	Janet, I just purchased the same info globe and have the same questions...how can I set the time etc&gt; Alzelin@aol.com thanks
instructions one instructions sharper image scrolling blue globe	I am looking into purchasing another. My globe lasted 5years. Manufacters have stop making them, so it must be a design defect.
make surge protector 20 amp see 15 amps need 20 amp surge protector	Robert, As a person who gave a review on the Tripp Lite HT10DBS Home Theater Isobar Surge Protector I could not agree more with your request for a 20 AMP version. My 2 15 AMP units are working perfectly but I have a need for a third 20 AMP unit.
work ipads special adapter needed	They have a microphone plug and a headphone plug that fit into the little holes on the side of my computer. If your ipad has these 2 holes, they should work. I don't think it needs a special adapter.
shortest length indicates extended 67 product details column	fully collapsed it is 21 inches long
change head camera mount another one quick realease ficture	No the mounting screw is fixed yet, you can buy any head which can be mounted onto a fixed mount. See: http://www.amazon.com/Manfrotto-323-Connect-Adapter-200PL-14/dp/B001ASU1QO/ref=pd_sim_p_6?ie=UTF8&refRID=1S74QE608X4NMFPS1KDZ Or this one:
shoot vertical photos monopod	Yes you can, but you still have to keep a still arm or the camera will flop around more due to the added pole length.
bought monopod inside bundle exactly attach gopro top already gopro tripod adapter fit	All I can share is that this fits a regular screw in spot on the panhead adapter I use with my DSLR and it works fine.
mount 25mm sony a3000 camera need adapter	I should be able to screw it on any camera
fit sony a3000	It's a mono pod.
use gopro	Do not know...sorry.
screw base foot bottom	the base is a metal point, surrounded by a rubber 'bumper'...you can loosen the rubber bumper, but you cannot take the end off and screw on another attachment.
anyone extra speaker	Have you tried to switch the satellites to see if that is the problem? I had the same problem and found out it was something with the remote. I tried the satellites in the opposite jacks and the one that didn't work now worked. When I bought a second set, I tried the remote with the old one and all worked fine. Now I am having the same problem with that second set.
eligible amazon prime	Besides the Prime issue, I've had these speakers on my Wish List for six months (since Dec 08). When I first added them, they were $89. When I looked a short time later, they were $95. And then out of the blue, they jumped to over $130. It then seemed they hung-out at $119 for quite a while (maybe a few weeks).
wonder compare logitech z623	I have both but unfortunately the Z623 don't even come close to the Z2300's. The overall sound quality of he Z623 are inferior. I am not that happy with the Z623's.
made china	Yes
price hike anybody know price product recently shot	Greatly outdated? But it still puts out extremely good sound. If the z2300 can be purchased for $100 or less it's a buy.
logitech z2300 plug know would work xbox uses hdmi though	These are generally meant to plug into a computer, but I just bought them recently and hooked them up to my Samsung TV. There is a mini-plug (male) that comes out of the Z-2300 remote.
ipod question looking around speakers ipod wondering would work sole purpose need plugged sort computer device function	I have the same question. I used my old computer speakers as an iPod docking station. Can I do the same thing with these?
$20 real speakers really $20 pop	No, not $20... I wish. I would buy 10 if they were that cheap. You are looking at about $150.
use ipod anybody know hook ipod directly speakers	@Gustavo: Yes. Any amplified speakers, such as these, are made specifically to be used with non-amplified sources (i.e., virtually non-amplified).
remote damaged possible find new one logitech sell remote speakers	ebay has the remotes.
able screw onto d7000	Yes but I would keep the camera strap around your arm. read the reviews. Most are pretty accurate.
use directv receiver	Yes, I own these speakers, and have doubled them as a home theater system, since they seem to serve a dual purpose. Sure, they are marketed as PC speakers, but with that adapter, you probably have the best television speakers you could ever own as an amplifier to what you watch as well, including sports and movies, where this set shines. I'd highly recommend these over Bose Cinemates, they give you about the same amount of sound for a lot less money, trust me.
player window lets know track much battery life left thank anyone takes time	Dear Ninner-noo. Yes, the display shows individual track number, total tracks, track time count down, track time count up, total time count down. There is a battery icon that shows amount of strength remaining.
would like know cd start back place stopped begins beginning automatically	It should start back up where you stopped the CD.
ac adapter used	Yes. 4.5v DC
come ear buds	No
many hours use get batteries looking around 45 55 hours use	You might get close to that with lithium batteries but with alkalines you'll probably get 30-35
cd player repeat function	Hi, this Sony CD Walkman do have a settings for repeating music. It is under P MODE. -Ely
one get adapter use wall outlet rather batteries	Yes you can, just look for universal adapters. These adapters come with multiple tips so it can be used for many uses.
switch use wall wart stock 110v power cord	Internal transformer, regular 110v 1ph power cord like we all have boxes of.
shut power unit hold place start beginning understand pause start	If you press the stop button to turn off the machine, it will resume at the point where it stopped. If you open the case to replace the batteries or for any other reason--even after pressing stop--play will resume at the beginning of the disc.
main difference model dgs1016a $50 cheaper	I believe it's because the D model has better construction, maybe a fan to keep it cool. Since you're going to be keeping it in a wiring closet, the noise of a fan is immaterial.
way use nic teaming see 2gpbs traffic want team nics try get 200mpbs transfers	Nope, it's a dumb switch. No NIC teaming.
ieee 8023ad dynamic link aggregation nic teaming switch	No. It isn
rack mounts included	Yes, the rack-mount brackets are included.
player audio output attach player external speakers	I have hooked it up to small speakers.
mp3 capable	Nope
unit fan reading mixed reviews say noisy say fan please help guys	I have four of the 24 port versions of this switch, and none of them have fans. I have had the oldest of these switches running for a bout 2 years with no problems. These switches barely get warm. I have never had to restart any of these switches due to a glitch or a problem. The version I have is the DGS-1024D
noisy	That's the internal fans not meant to be used in consumer environment more for rackmount office building where doesn't matter
type size earphone fits earphone jack	Hi Ella, You can connect headphones with mini stereo plug (3.5mm). -Anthony
autoreverse	No. "At the end of the tape, playback stops and the unit turns off automatically."
want connect cd player line record cassette player basically want record cd cassette	Hi Acousticstrings, There is no input/output jack to a cd player or other device. - Jerome
external microphone jack	Yes it allows connection of an external microphone for special recording applications.
variable speed options increased speed playback	There is a variable speed control on the recorder. I haven't used it...but it's there. Can imagine it would be helpful if one was dictating into the machine.
purchase extended warranty	If this is a newly purchased unit, then yes, you can purchase an extended warranty for this Sony Cassette recorder. Be reminded that for purchasing an extended warranty, it must be purchased within the year starting from the date of purchased. 
player headphone jack	Yes, it has.
need certain type cassette	No, a regular tape
player earphone jack	no, it does not.
kind mount back light	No! It is just the light. but it does flash when my radio gets activated for an alarm. However, it is in the same room as the radio and has a very shout cord.
manual automatic modeswitch	No
wr100 weather raido noaa raido	I do not believe the WR100 has a accessory jack for the strobe light unfortunately
turn vor manually	Yes, you can - it has a manual VOR switch with setting H, L and Off. Have loved this recorder, though I use it mostly for playing tapes. It's very sturdy, still working after several drops, as I carry it around in a pocket while I'm working around.
anyone tried different brands weather radios	I haven't but if the radio has a strobe light output I would think it would work.
work midland wr120ez noaa weather alert radio	I have never seen this radio, but when I looked it up online there is an option for a strobe light so ... my vote is Yes it will work. I think it works for all the Midlands that have a strobe light plug.
hook	Midland , and other brands, have an output jack for siren or lamp. They need to have that jack, its a standard size jack same size as transistor radio mono earphone's use. Any wx radio with siren or alert jack.
power input v support 220 travel alot want talk	I purchased the D-Link 24-Port Rackmountable Switch which is 11 x 7 x 2. The power is regular US 110 plug, but says 100 - 240V 50-60hz switchable.
measurements	8 x 10 x 3 inches, it's in the product description. It is a very small case.
similar aluminum cases made mostly plastic case fully aluminum	The one I got is not made of plastic on the outside, there was a lining on the inside. ask the buyer you choose if there's are made from plastic.
anyone know inner measurements need see 8x10 tablet fit	I purchased one for my daughter, as a spy kit. It worked beautifully, but I doubt it would fit an 8x10 tablet.
dimensions	Outside is about 7x10x3 inches (smaller than a sheet of paper). Inside is about 1 1/2inches deep...lots of foam in top portion eats up the space. (Maybe remove it if need more room inside.)
work reecom r1630 35mm ext alert jack like midland radios	The only way to know for sure is to check it. Mine did not work with the Midland nor the First Alert but works just fine with my Radio Shack weather radio. Unknown why, because they all appear to have the same jacks and the light actually came with the Midland.
size installation kit would need 1200 watt boss amp 2 subs boss touchscreen sterio	Minimum 4 gauge.
many feet power left right component wires amazon says many useless people actually make measurements	20'red 10 ga high current superflex power cable atc fuseholder and 15' high performance gold rca interconnect hope that helps
real wire gauge 10	I am not sure about the guage of the wire...It looks like this kit is ok for car amp's that are less than 400 watts max output.I would not recommend it for high output amps.
1 work wr120 2 still work radio set visual alarmvoice live apartment	1. It works with the battery. 2. I have no idea, but I tried to hook it up to weather alarm clock (since I'm deaf), it's not bright enough during the day, but I don't know about during the night time.
inline fuse power cable	Yes it does.
would able make work audiobahn atb8at powered sub	Yes but this kit is not 4 gauge, it's 8 with thick plastic. I returned mine for a better kit
cut atc fuse holder's red power wire half one side battery rest red power wire	Yes. But don't cut it in half you only need about 12" cut off.
kind fuse use	An in line 10 gauge fuse which is like 30 amps. Don't but boss audio it's garbage and lies about all their products.
pair mr2040 replacing boat 7 years old hole size depth	Yes. I did the same this year.
would recommend replacement front door speakers 2007 h3 additionally bass	the bass with these 8in pioneers is really good. They will not replace the deep thump of a dedicated subwoofer but they will perform better than stock speakers.
200 watts per speaker speakers	I believe its per speaker
need amp speakers	Yes otherwise you will not get the best of them. They are big speakers and need extra power. I have an amplifier on my boat but not sure how big it is. I have the smaller speakers not connected to the amp and works well this way but will be also connecting them to the amp.
crutchfield recommends efx pa10bx wiring kit infinity basslink better	Bout the same but it may be smaller gauge then 10. I would go bigger gauge just for piece of mind. I got BOSS 8 g. Kit was I lil smaller then standard 8/but handles 1100w mono and 4 channel 400 watt. Does it with ease
need make sure two speakers description says speaker speakers please confirm two units thank	there are two speakers in the box
8 10 gauge best door speakers amping 4channel dual xpa4640 50rms don''t intend blasting music	It was good yes you can use it outdoor
see four 4 screws face grill diameter boltscrew circle hopefully 758	i am 90% sure it is
kind amp need speakers	go with one of the pioneer digital amps and you'll be happy, those amps are relatively small and push plenty of power
space limited anyone know depth speaker face	Pioneer says 3" here http://www.pioneerelectronics.com/PUSA/Car/Speakers/Marine/TS-MR2040
size rough opening needed instalation	You need a little bit less than the diameter of the speaker. I apologize I don't gave exact specs but the speakers are great. Hope that helps
plug charger directly wall use ac adaptor plug	Come with a A/C Adapter, doesn't plug directly to the wall.
6 ch direct mode hear audio coming 2 speakers	6 Channel direct mode is for the analogue connections only. As long as you have the 3 wires hooked up correctly and your source configured right (your sound card, presumably) it will output 6 channels of audio.
charger charge lithium 9 volt	It is made for 9.6 NiMh volt batteries and charges them very well. I'm not sure if it will work with the same desired results for Lithium batteries. You may need a charger just for Lithiums.
suggestion buying please want pc tv connected optical input	You can get for under $20 a three way digital optical selector (google for the lowest price). It is a rotary switch which goes from 3 inputs to one output or vice versa. I have done exactly what you want to do and it works just fine.
work apple powerbook g4	It would only come out in stereo sound, you would need to make sure that your laptop has digital optical input like the iMac G5, MacBook Pro and MacBook, you can double check the Apple Website, if it does not have a digital optical in, these speakers would only use two speakers, these speakers do not "synthesize" 5.1 audio using a stereo port. In other words, your iPod would only come out through the front two speakers and not use the other three (center, left rear and right rear)
possible use receiver speakers	Yes it is, the back of the speakers have conventional speaker connections. In addition, if you want to use the control pod (redundant if you have a receiver), it has digital coax and optical inputs as well as 3x 3.5mm audio jacks.
subwoofer dimension anyone know dimensions subwoofer	Ye olde measuring tape says 13 in wide, 16 in deep, 13 in tall. It's big and heavy.
please charger works well 9v lithiumion batteries thanks	No. Only NiMh
71 possible add two speakers get 71 surround sound	Hey Phillip -- I am no expert and do not own these speakers but the its a pretty good relaibel rule to ever add speakers. You will mess up the impedance math and degrade sound and could evenutally blow your amp.
charger come 3 96volt batteries	This charger did not come with batteries for me. I purchased them separately from Amazon.
voltage support speakers run 220v power grid	I don't know, but the Logitech site seems to suggest that they might with a fuse replacement. The 220v and 110v systems do appear to be different hardware, though, as indicated by the different fuse. I would definitely contact Logitech before making any changes/before jacking them into anything but a stepdown transformer.
system wireless least partially	Negative. Each satellite is wired, yet they accept extension cables (purchased separately) and also rotate on their base for different mounting positions.
warranty refurbished units	When I got mine it was 30 days. I still have the speakers & love 'em.
cables speakers someone please let know speakers comes along digital optical coaxial cables	It only comes with the computer analogue cables. A good place to get the digital cables though is monoprice.com
hook phone play music cable need purchase	yes you can get this cable, http://www.amazon.com/RiteAV-Feet-3-5mm-Stereo-Cable/dp/B000V0G2C4/ref=pd_sim_vg_5 also you need http://www.amazon.com/Logitech-Console-Adapter-Convert-Single-Pc/dp/B0006U3ACY/ref=pd_bxgy_e_img_y
ordered last night want hook hdtv pc cables need pc 51 soundcard thanks I clueless	Can you provide further details of what you are trying to do? Generally you can only connect one input to a speaker system so either the PC or the HDTV. If the PC has a 5.1 soundcard, the cables that come with the X-530 can be used to hook it up. 
anybody figured put top lcd ideas	I made some modifications. I took two metal pieces in the shape of an L, covered them with the soft side of Velcro to prevent them from scratching the top of my LCD. Then placed the spiky parts of the Velcro underneath the speaker to attach the L shaped metals pieces to it.
system much bass	First check your computer setting for the card and then you can also adjust the volume of the bass with the knob on the back on the unit. hope that helps
going price inflation logitech z5500 thxcertified first looked 68 months ago around $275 $426	I think it is just a case of Logitech trying to gouge the consumer. Their manufacturing costs did not increase anywhere close to that amount. 
bass center seem reversed sure sound card anyone else issue speaker test	You definitely have it hooked up and/or configured wrong. Recheck your connections and settings.
would able hook system monitor	Yes I would like to know if this system can connect to tv's one in particular a Vizio 37" would like to know before I purchase?
work tamron 70200 f28 vc usd lens	The TC-17E II was designed for Nikon's 70-200 f/2.8 lens and a few others. I suggest you contact Tamron and ask them
work nikkor 18300 vr dx lens	There is a tab on the TC that prevents mating it to the 18-300.
use d300 camera	Yes it will work on the D300 but check for lens compatibility as the TC-17E II will not fit all Nikon lenses.
would get speakers work playstation 4	when i got mine they included an adapter to change the 3 3.5mm jack to the red/white rca plugs. it was about a 1.5-2.5 inch square
connect speakers dvd player connect speakers dvd player	Yes you can with a 3.5mm STEREO PLUG/RCA JACK x 2 Y-CABLE, which will cost around $4.99 + s/h. Go to www.cablestogo.com and search for this item.
buy replacement speakers already subwoofer	Yes u can as long as u know its the right one
work nikkor 70200mm 14g ed vr	I can answer your question, with one word.."Beautifully"................I use it with the same lens as menchioned as well as my Nikon 105 MM 2.8 Macro Lens, and I get stellar results........
work nikkor 600mm f4 vr	Ask Nikon.
extender used nikon d90 tamron 70200mm 28 lens	My advice is to go to Nikon's website where there should be a lens compatible chart or do a Google search.
use tamorn lens	I dont think this teleconverter is compatible with tamron
work d600	Yes, according to Nikon's table: http://www.nikonusa.com/en/Nikon-Products/Product/Viewfinders/4753/DR-6-Rectangular-Right-Angle-Viewfinder.html#tab-ProductDetail-ProductTabs-CompatibleWith
compatible d750 thanks	Yes, the DR-6 is listed as an accessory for the D750.
anyone try nikon 1 v2	The Nikon USA website does not list the Nikon 1 V2 as a compatible camera for the DR-6.
work nikon d7100	Yes, the DR-6 works with the D7100. A list of all compatible cameras can be found on the NikonUSA.com website.
work nikon d5100	According to Nikon, yew it will: http://www.nikonusa.com/en/Nikon-Products/Photography-Accessories/DSLR-Camera-Accessories.page?#!/tag:7WA:Eyepieces and Viewfinders/product:25476:D5100
converter work sigma 120300 f 28 second version lens	Is it the Sigma 120 - 300 f2.8 DG OS HSM / Sports or the DG HSM?
work nikon 28300 afs ed lens	You don't say if your lens is DX or FX. If it is a DX lens designed for crop sensor camera like the D3300 or D5200 it will not work. You have to look at the camera side of the lens to see if there is clearance for the lens side of the converter which does extend beyond the mount surface. On DX lenses the back element at the mounting surface extends slightly so they would not mate.
work 2 gb nano	Yes, that's what I use if for...I'm actually back to buy one for my wife. There are separate clips for each of the different ipod sizes.
anyone problem volume louder left channel car	I just got the Road Trip yesterday and the problem I'm having is that I have to crank the volume up to it's loudest on my car radio to hear my iPod at a semi-decent level. I like it loud and louder and can't figure out how to fix this problem. The Griffin website doesn't help at all.
anyone use 30gb ipod video	It works for your model. I have the 30GB model and this transmitter. You can read my review too. Mike
used something requires headphone plug	Needs to be plugged into a lighter outlet in a vehicle
ipod left charger car parked charging occur	The device turns off when you turn off your car.
use ipod *classic* appear mention useless \	I use this transmitter with my 160gb Ipod classic and it works very well. It will not work with my Iphone 4. When I connected the Iphone to my transmitter to see if it would give me a hands free phone option the screen of my phone said unsupported device. Very happy with the device overall.
pod classic really best bang buck sound quality	The sound quality is ok. The design is just awkward. and make sure it fits the classic...didn't work out for me very well.
parts used seperately anyone know use fm transmitter video ipod apart charger	I just looked on the griffin technology's site, because I had the same question. The answer is not really. You need to plug the transmitter into a PC with a USB then use an audio output to plug into a stereo. Pretty stupid if you ask me. The USB and audio cords come with it. I have the product, it works great in my car, but I need to by another transmitter for my house.
converter compatible nikkor afs 30028 edif d800	I am reasonably sure that the 1.7 teleconverter will work with your 300mm f2.8 on your D800. I use mine on all of my Nikon cameras (D750, D7000 and D300) with my fast lenses (70-200 f2.8 and 200-400 f4.0) and autofocus works just fine.
come clip 2nd gen nano come clip 2nd gen nano get somewhere else	Go to Griffin's website, select nano 2nd generation, then RoatTrip. Here's the direct link: http://www.griffintechnology.com/products/roadtrip# At the bottom are instructions for ordering an adapter if it didn't come with your RoadTrip. Basically, select Buy, on next page select the adapter type and color.
long cable need longer 6 ft maybe need extention rj 45 cable	It is about 6 ft. It dose have a choke on the cable. Do not know if that is needed or not.
cable hook wireless network computer run movies computer run wireless router tv	No it will not. This cable is used only so that the APC Battery Backup can communicate with the PC for battery status and power outages (so that it safely shutdown the PC)
cable work usb hub need connected directly pc apc	I would recommend a straight connection. However it does depend on what else is on the usb hub. if you have a hard drive or anything that requires more attention from the hub. I would recommend definitely not.
work connect macbook air net gear router software update	I doubt it. Its designed to connect the APC uniterrupted powersuppy to a NAS or a desktop in order to check the battery status and in case of powerfailure turn the devise off before the batteries run out.
I got logitech usb headset would like able use plain old telephone hands free talking use apc usb cable	No.
cable 6 feet need approx 12 feet pc apc usb extension cable work cable	This is probably best answered by going directly to the manufacturer. If I had to guess, it probably would. I just did a small experiment using a much shorter male/female USB cable and it "appears" to work just fine. BUT... I'm simply an un-techie consumer. I know that cable length can affect some communications, so seeking a direct answer from the manufacturer is probably your best best.
work hook printer laptop ethernet used cable modem connection	No! This is not a Ethernet cable. While the one end of the plug is similar to Ethernet, it's not the same. It's really a USB cable with a similar plug to Ethernet that plugs into a APC USB device.
would viewfinder fit nikon d5000	Yes
cable compatible back ups 400 be700	As long a you have a RJ45 port on the UPS, it should work. The Software PowerChute is what you will need once the conection is made to monitor the UPS.
work apc backups rs br1500lcd 1500va865w	I don't know about that specific model as its not the one I used it for, I had a Backups ns1250 and the cable plugged in to the back of my backup and into my computer and works great. Hope that helps.
usb 20 30 bought extension usb 20 cable computer far ups	Doesn't matter. It is a serial connection, USB 1.1 would work. The bigger question is if your USB cable is active / if you go over 15 feet you may have issues with a passive extension cable. You could place a powered hub in the middle and that would work out OK...
use subwoofer port connect speakers using option 1 2 3 anyone opinion tested alternatives	I've been wonder this very same thing and thought I would provide a link to the article regarding not using the subwoofer port. I'm not sure if I understand it, but here it is : http://www.polkaudio.com/education/article.php?id=19
rear speakers set wirelessly purchase wireless adapter rear speakers set wirelessly	Yes with the Rocketfish wireless set-up
box item wire speakers included	No wire. You would probably better off buying your own anyhow and selecting the proper gauge needed for the distance needed.
want speakers 42 lg hdtv cannot get volume movies high enough husband hard hearing would work	This setup will work but it would have to be in conjunction with a audio receiver. Tv's do not have enough power to drive these speakers so another audio device would work for that. If you do not want to add another piece of equipment then this would not be your answer. 
bought friend questions installed rm6750 straight subwoofer computer nd get bass sounds subwoofer	I believe you need a receiver to transmit the sounds correctly.
fitted speaker stands considering buying setup way fitted stands wall mounting	I put them on the Sanus HTB3 stands and they work perfectly. The stands come with everything you need, use the L bracket, and the H16 screws in the bag and all is well.
would system able put power needed run extra subwoofer maximum output 100 watts	No
louder sound tv speakers work	Hello- Yes, you would need a home stereo receiver to work with this speaker system, you can not hook them directly to your tv. With the receiver, they should be louder, and much better sound quality, than what you get with your TV's built in speakers. Good luck-
work 220v box dimensions shipping weight	Hi CRSBRZ, No, the speakers work on a 110V. The shipping weight is about 39 pounds the box they are currently in measures 18x15x29. Thanks for your interest!
modem work dell optiplex 7010 motherboard	Sorry! I don't know. I purchased this for my brother and can't remember why he needed it.
71 vs 51 w rm 6750 true	Hey Slater, I pretty much have the same setup you just described, got the Son STRDG 720 last week and just purchased these speakers today. Which speakers do you think would be a good purchase to convert this system into 7.1? I have two large polk bookshelves at home although they are a bit old, what do you think?
support caller id	I am not sure, I only use it for outgoing faxes, but if the number is printed on a fax you receive you will see it. Otherwise I would use the phone companies caller id device before accepting faxes if you are getting too many junk faxes. Are people trapped in the 90's faxing you? LOL
far device start detecting speeds say approaching car	I was able to track the speed of a car at about 200 feet. The farther away the object is, the less accurate the reading is. And the more objects that are moving in the sight of the gun can also confuse it.
included carrying case	Yes, just a little nylon bag to put the gun in. That's all.
work 4590 degree angle 50 feet	I don't think so. The most I've tried is 30 degrees and it works at that angle. The instructions say it won't work at 45 degrees but I haven't tried.
support cable modem	No. It is a dial up modem for transfer of small data files between computers.....very, very slow data rate. Would not support any video. Its top speed is 56,000 bytes, where a broadband is 8,000,000,000 to 20,000,000,000 bytes
would able measure speed marble passing need something smaller objects	Doubt it. I think the smallest object it could measure is a baseball but I could be wrong.
work glass plexiglas window	Yes I believe it will. If you are using it for anything related to small object speed such as baseball velocity I do not recommend this item. It has not been very reliable. Appears smaller objects do not register very well.
measure speed I running	A qualified yes. Qualified because it'll work if the gun is pointed toward an stationary in front of you, such as a building or other structure. If you point it at another runner or moving vehicle in front of you, it'll give you the relative speed difference - this, how much faster you're moving relative to moving object if front of you.
powered	Batteries,works very good.
would work measuring speed soccer ball	Yes, we use it to measure the speed of lacrosse shots all the time. The lacrosse ball is significantly smaller.
compatibility product compatible kodak easy share cx3700 digital camera	Is this KODAK 256MB SD Memory Card compatible with a GATEWAY DC-M42 Digital Camera?? Thanks to whoever replies!
compatibility card work kodak easy share c530	Sorry that I can't answer as we do not have the Easy Share Camera. Have you checked with a retailer who offers it?
compatibility product compatible kodak easy share cx3700 digital camera	Is this memory card compatible with a digital picture frame?
dell optiplex 3010 fit	dont know........
gateway sx285141 pc specs say pcie x1 slot pcie x16 slot card fit	No like the description says low profile PCI not PCIeX
firewire card work computer following pci slots lowprofile * express x1 * express x16 * 32bit 5v thanks help	This particular model is made for PCI legacy also known as 32-bit. In this pic is is the 5th one down http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:PCIExpress.jpg There are other models which will fit the PCI express 1 which is a much smaller slot.
fit hp dc7800 micro tower computer tower thin compact	It should
asus laptop work laptop know similar product	No it will not work on a Laptop. I would suggest a Firewire 1394A to USB Adapter.
type cable need connect internal port front panel 1394 cable header	You need a regular "Firewire" cable
work dell 660s	Hi, no this will not work for your computer. The only free slot you have is a pci-e slot. It is much smaller than the connection on this card. Here is a link to your computers user manual.
card actually 3607 via chipset 3606 versions play nice windows 7 pro recognizing devices	I'm not IT so I know not of these numbers you speak, but it has worked flawlessly for a year and a half on our systems with Windows 7. We use it daily for a pro video service. As a matter a fact I've been meaning to order another one for a 2nd system. Thanks for reminding me!
set radar detector	I don't know. Don't have one, but you have to hold the button down to get a reading. It does work though,
pny 8g attache shows 4 gigibytes reformat get 8	If you check the drive in Computer Management you should see the entire drive, part of which you don't have access to. There may be a hidden partition, one that's not recognized by Windows, or simply unallocated space that can be pulled together with the partition you do see. Be sure you remove anything from the drive you want to keep before starting this.
work pc running window 7 dimension low profile bracket	Yes it does depending your application your using it for. If you have problems you can roll it back to legacy driver which is included with Windows 7. You can do that in the device manager. It should work with out problems for most applications except for audio interfaces which seem to need the legacy driver. I hope that answers your question.
need 512mgb find one	IDK. It's gonna be tough though, the cost to produce a 512gb drive is the same as the cost to manufacture a1Gb unit.
hi pny memory sticks work united kingdom	I'm sure they'll work on any computer with a USB drive.
length flash drive rather cardboard package would useful	I'd say about 2.5 inches.
formatted fat 16	It's formatted for FAT32. It could be formatted for FAT16.
read speed baseball	Yes, I have used it to do that before.
one narrow enough inserted xbox 360 slim usb slot	Yes it can, I just tested it out and it worked! Hope that answers your question.
ship item green insert pfdgatt2ef model blue insert pfdgatt2ge	Iam sorry I don't have of these
remove case attache 16gb flash drive	There is no practical reason for removing the housing (case) from the internal components. There are no user serviceable parts inside and you risk exposing the components to electrostatic discharge. Are you wanting to remove the case so that it fits the USB port because sometimes they put the USB ports so close together that two devices won't fit next to each other? If so, I suggest using a USB extender cable.
many songs 8 gb stick	ruffly 2 thousand mp3 songs give or take depending on size of songs
measured speed anyone actually benchmarked many mbsec uploads	But that number is dependent on your transfer definitions but here are several conditions that are bench marked: http://www.tomshardware.com/charts/usb-thumb-drive-charts/benchmarks,109.html
change shutter speed camera	Yes
stock lens	Nope. its just the regular EF-S lens. I had bought a couple of L lenses and ended up never using this one.
pictures camera self	All of the pictures are of the camera being offered. Are you looking for pictures from this camera? How many would you like? I have taken pictures with it and they are as you would expect from this model.
anyone suggestions camera bags camera specifically	This is a mid-size DSLR, and you need to ask yourself a few questions before buying. First of all, how much gear are you going to be taking with you? You will probably be collecting lenses as time goes on, and you should consider whether you want them all, all the time, or if you want to just bring one or two and leave the rest at home.
video function	No, not on the 20D. I don't think they started to have that until the 40D.
also working garnet money back	I'm pretty sure you can trade it in for 91.55 back
opteka 70 tripod tripod compatable canon digital rebel xt	I have this camera and so far so GREAT! It feels very sturdy on this piece of equipment. Snaps on and off fairly quickly too. Detachable piece. This is a photo dummy talking here. I take great photos, but I don't speak or know much about tripods. I really love this tripod so far.
digital camcorder want fill continuous video moving people smooth panning tripod	I don't want to sound like a pretentious professional, but honestly? It's lackluster.
tripod accomodate light 2 12 lb spotting scope	this is a pretty solid tripod, and it should easily handle that light of a spotting scope.
lowest height	27 inches.
work well nikon d3300	Don't know the nikon D3300. Standard screw threads on mounting plate, slides easily onto tripod. Would likely handle a heavy old style camcorder, so make your best guess. Very functional tripod.
compatible toshiba camileo h30 full hd camcorder	Toshiba uses a standard mount screw base for all of their cameras whether digital SLR's or camcorders. I'm sure it will fit. Of course if it doesn't, Amazon will accept your return!
canon eos 60d compatible	If your Canon is capable of being mounted on a tripod (screw hole in the bottom), yes. Matched up perfetly with my Sony A230.
tripod work pentax k200d thanks	Absolutely, It is a great tripod for photography. It's good for use by even the largest of dslr's.
use flash quantum battery	You will need the cable from Quantum for linking the battery pack to the Canon 580ex flash.
work canon 7d come shoe mount case diffuser	No diffuser.
tripod come carry bag	Yes, but bag is poorly made. It ripped in a month, two months after that the leg broke. Don't buy this one, trust me
canon flash 580 ex everyone experience&gt	2700mAH NIMH batteries (or higher) for $24.00 at COSTCO for a SONY set of 4AAs and two AAAs and charger) should give you better results. They are capable of many hundreds of rapid recharges and having a second set charged and ready as a backup allows for continuous shooting and charging for longer sessions.
digital camera	Bought it for my daughter and she says it uses film. So, not digital.
mean pole extends 70 inches high lights attached	Yes, it's really tall, but it's not made for lights. Use a hot shoe adapter on your camera to add lighting.
camera avalaible sale sale strap caps manual	I'm asking it with the strap and caps. Don't have the manual but they're easy to find online for free.
camera manual mode	Yes, there's a manual exposure mode and the lens has a switch to turn auto-focus on or off.
would flash work canon rebel t3	Yes this flash will work on a canon rebela t3
date body lens kit	A "date body" is a camera that can optionally print the current date directly onto the film negative. A "lens kit" includes the camera body and a lens.
many shots	It depends on how big your memory card is. I have a 2GB memory card in mine and it can hold around 70 pictures. Is that what you mean?
20d weather sealed know newer ones series 50d thanks	Hello. I would not consider the 20D weather or dust sealed.
use film camera im new stuff sorry	yes...35mm film
question please laugh take pictures using attachable lens	No you have to have a lens, you also have to have the cf card but this camera is an amazing springboard camera to start with dlsr! I love it
many actuations pictures taken camera	Depends on which one you buy. This is a general listing for the model.
$200 camera sold $130000	It depends if you're buying it as a new retail camera (the current $1300 listing), or a used one that also might not have all the items included with a new purchase (instruction book, charger, etc; such as the current $109 listing). Or, you know, work. But most sellers should tell you the status of the item and what is included.
buy lens camera take video	I looked at the camera menu, and it appears it is capable of shooting NTSC (US) and PAL (Canada & Europe) video. I've never tried video, so I have no idea about the results.
sigma lens mini zoom macro 2880mm f3556ii sigma lens 70300mm f456 dl macro super fit camera body camera	Just go to a camera store and bring you camera in and ask.
canon eos rebel 2000 vs canon eos t2 one takes sharp crisp picture	This sharpness depends on what lens is used, and these two cameras take the same lenses. Therefore, the sharpness of the pictures is the same for the two cameras.
take video would sigma 30mm 14 lens fit camera	The T2 is a film camera and does not take video.
pick sounds people caregiving needs carry talk screeching sounds	No you only here those that have the same radio on the same frequencies, no screaching
I plainning purchase gift next week camera still 100% working order body great condition	Gregory, I don't know if you are purchasing the Canon 20D camera body from the same person that I did. If so then this is what I think. After much research on the camera, I found it was the top of the line, of all cameras, when it first came out.
would good lost woods come find radio want radio hiking need license	as long as someone several someones have the same radio with the freq.
radio come earpiece	no
work walmart store frequencies need murs radio works walmar tstoer murs freq	Sorry, I have no idea what frequencies Walmart uses. I'm not sure I would buy this radio if all I wanted was a 2way radio. You could probably do better with a dedicated 2way.
kind rechargeable battery use used 12v 2 bars last 10 mins	I do not have a problem with mine staying charged. I use Energizer batteries.
tamron lens fit camera	Yes, but not all tamron lenses. They have to be compatible with canon EF mount.
item come battery charger manual ro software	It differers between sellers. If it doesn't say in the description what it comes with, then it probably doesn't come with much, but I would ask the seller.
low distance read 2mi 50 frs radios understand optimal diff 48 mi thats huge	I've got about 1.5 miles with no problem. I would find 50 very hard to believe. They do quite well and much better than regular FRS.
use radios hands free vox accessories get accessorie specialized	I don't know, but if you call Dakota Alert in Elk Point, SD they sell this radio and I bet they will know. www.dakotaalert.com They have been very helpful to me. By the way I have two of these and they work really well.
antenna detachable connector type	Yes, the antenna is, in fact, detachable. It is a standard male/female system that is very solid without overtightening. I picked up some Galati Gear Molle Radio Pouches here on Amazon. They are the best, in my opinion and the molle system works well with my gear.
fit canon t3i 1855mm 50mm 55250mm rode mic bag	I have two of those lenses in my bag and I'm sure you can fit the other one. And I don't know what rode mic you're referring to but I'm pretty sure you can. You can even store two of the smaller lens on the side pockets if you had to.
canon rebel t3i leave 1855 lens store bag remove lens fit bag	I Have the Rebel T3 and I store mine with the same lens in the bag. It has removable interior walls that you can rearrange any way that you want.
bag strapped around waist overtheshoulder	It suppose it could be strapped around the waist however in my oppinion it would be rather large and cumbersome and not really designed for that use. I hope this helps
1 cannon d40 5 lens 1 flash battery pack small digital camera wonder fit plus credentials camera stuff wondering fit case	You can put all your stuff but the lenses. I think that you can put 3, you can carry 5 but, you where taking the risk because the wont be on the "lens area" of the bag
dimensions bag	WIDTH 15 inches including the two side pockets Height 9 " Depth 8 " Is a very good bag. Stan CHun New Zealand
m538ht radio turn even charged batteries power plugged soon unplug power goes	I've never had that happen, but maybe you have defective batteries if they aren't holding a charge. I had one of our hand held radios spend this winter in a snow bank...we found it finally and after we plugged it in it worked perfectly and still is!
radios used earphone includes mic must builtin mic always used type phonemic jack	All mine just have an ear phone jack.
bag fit canon 70d lens 1855mm efs stm lens	Yes it will! I store my camera, 2 different lenses, battery charger and lens hood in it and still have more space in the side pockets.
fit 70300m telephoto lens &amp cannon 7d mark ii w 18135mm lens	Yes 70-300m Telephoto Lens fit in this bag. Personally I am using this bag for my Canon Rebel T5i camera with 18-55m + 75-300mm lens and also some filters. I am satisfied with this bag.
canon 75300mm lens store camera lens still attached	No. I have the same lens and I had to break the camera down to store it.
canon eos d1 mark iii fit 3 lens charger	I do not believe it will handle 3 lens and all the other equipment. I do well to get 2 lens and all the other equipment in the bag. I find it handy to have 2 bags that size and use one for all the equipment & the the other bag for the camera with a lens attached.
could fit ipad mini	Yes, you can fit an iPad mini.
photo top page shows pouches end opening top video review shows pouches opening side	The bag that I got has an oval shaped zipper that zips open like a rainbow, it does not open across the top part like in the picture.
would hold canon 70d wbattery grip 1755 f28 70200 f28 430 exii small accessories get 100dg	It can hold a 5d mark iii and lens
canon 700d three lenses 1018mm 1855mm 55250 wonder fits bag	Yes!! My bag has three lenses, battery & charger, my lrg flash & so much more . U won't b disappointed . Enjoy
fit 6d 24105mm attached placed lengthwise thanks	Yes, it has inserts that you can move around in the bag are remove from the bag if necessary.
plastic fastener broke get replacement	contact canon they have a phone number on their web site just call them and ask
one reviews stated bag zipper plan backpacking need really sturdy bag hull shoulders	I can only tell you it seemed to be a sturdy bag. The velcro section dividers can be rearranged to hold your camera and other items in place. We bought this case for work to move a fingerprint machine from different locations. The buckle straps seemed real sturdy. Hope this helps
canon 200dg zipper around top cover	Nope, just velcro and the strap. Strap can be adjusted but I assure you, your equipment is secured. You can adjust straps accordingly.
would hold 75 long flash standing	Yes. It has multiple compartments of various measurements. I measured the depth and you will have no problem with 7.5" height. Good luck!
lens fit canon rebel t3	Yes
come lens covers	When I got my camera, the lens attached that came with it had a lens cover. I bought a second lens and had to order a cap to go with it since it didn't come with one...also, this was a good four or five years ago when I got my camera...I don't know what is included these days...best...it's a sensational camera.
dimensions interior compartment length height depth	Interior (main compartment) dimensions are: L 10" x W 6.5" x D 7.5" however the best part about this bag's design is that you get to decide how to configure / size the individual compartments using the included padded dividers that have velcro, fasteners.
lens xti400d either come lens cap something need buy	If you buy the body only it wont come with a lens cap.. there is no lens to cap. WHen you buy a lens though it will come with a cap. The xti/400D body only does come with a cap for the body (where the lens attaches).
usm would lens one get similar lens	This is the exact lens if you get an xsi.
battery recharge camera	No, the battery must be recharged in a charger built for this style battery. It does not recharge itself.
battery dimensions npf550	Sorry out of town until 12-01-2015.Please ask me again if I do not respond by 13-01-2015
battery work yongnuo 600 led lamp	I'm sorry. I have no idea. I purchased this battery to continue using my Sony camera. I love being able to use a disk that I can take out and instantly put in my floppy drive to access the pictures. Wish I could be more help!
product fit sony handyman 3ccd camera	Hi Stefan, Sony NPF570 Battery is compatible with some DCR, HVR, HD, and HDR 3CCD series camcorders. -Vincent
wh mean 158 npf570	watt-hours
originally batteries	Yes it's an official Sony battery.
understand 16 factor 1022mm efs 1740mm ef l understanding 16 factor camera correctly	Multiplying the 17-40mm EF L by 1.6x = 27-65mm equivalent focal length. ALL lenses will be multiplied by 1.6x on your camera, regardless of whether they are L glass or not, because you are not using a full frame (1x) camera.
would fit t3	I should think all Canon lenses would fit Canon bodies...but am strictly an amateur and couldn't tell you for sure. Sorry
well would shot large group people shooting wedding would like picture guests	Shooting groups of people with an ultrawide works well, but people on the extreme edges of the frame will appear stretched out. It's also not the fastest lens, especially at the longer focal length, so you will most likely need a flash if you're planning on shooting indoors. It's a fun lens, but you may be better off using a faster wide/normal lens, such as the 17-55mm 2.8, or the sigma 18-35mm 1.8.
lens image stabilization	No it does not but it's a wonderful lens and I've never missed it. I use it for Real Estate Photography with a flash and it works great.
work canon eos 70d see 70d listed compatibility list	Yes it will. If you look at the 70D you can see a white dot on the silver ring where you attach lenses. That means it takes both regular EF AND EF-S lenses. It's *the* wide lens for crop sensor DSLRs.
canon ef 1022mm 1740mm wide angle anyone offer opinion canon efs 1022 versus canon ef 1740	I have owned both lens and get a lot more use from the 10-22. It is a very high quality lens from an image standpoint and in fact I sold the 17-40. The 10-22 gives you a true wide angle as well as being a lot of fun. You can use it for portraits with little experimenting....exceptionally sharp and clear lens. GET IT.
battery compatible sony hxrmc2000u camcorder	It will fit but the run time is really only a couple of hours at most. It is a good battery for those shorter recording times like birthday parties.
bag fit canon vixia g30 along accessories	I DO NOT KNOW, but I'd say it probably will. It's very roomy and you can rearrange the partitions that Velcro together. Plus, it has zippered pouches on the sides, in the front and inside the top! I have my Canon AE 1 (bought new in 1983) in mine with 3 lenses and some film, a tele-converter in a side pocket, my manuals, and lots of filters in the side, front and top pockets.
lens compatible canon 5d mark iii	No
one better sigma 1020mm lens canon efs 1020mm lens confused	I bought the Canon 10-22mm because it was a little bit faster (3.5/4.5 vs 4.0/5.6) and gave me a little more range on the zoom. I tend to trust Canon glass over Sigma personally especially with the technical components. I've shot on the Sigma and the Canon and as far as picture quality goes, I give the edge to the Canon lens.
total length extension cable	6 feet
received cannot seem plug sd flash drive either end cannot plug drive directly computer due shape need	this cable is a USB 2.0 extension cable for an already existing USB item.whatever you're going to plug into the USB port of your computer, this is the extension for that port. You plug one end into the computer and the other is a female connection awaiting the device you want to plug into it, and maybe set it off to the side. I hope this helps.
want extend cord computer keyboard usb port back tower belkin usb 20 extension cable correct extension use	Yes, as far as the type of cord. Be sure to measure to make sure it is long enough :-)
well lense perform wide angle applications	I use my Canon 17-85mm lens to shoot underwater either for people shots or when I think there's a chance of seeing some large charismatic megafauna, but don't want to risk missing the other smaller subjects.
focus hunting anybody else seeing	I cleaned my contacts with a eraser like someone suggested and it worked for me.
work rebel t3	Yes, this works with a Rebel T3. It's a decent all-around lens, but my experience is that it isn't quite wide enough (I shoot underwater mostly), and macro doesn't let you get quite close enough. It's also poorly constructed. I've had 2 and with both I had a problem with the zoom freezing up. Seemed to be a matter of a screw loosening and jamming things up. If shooting on land, I would consider the Canon 15-85mm or the Sigma 17-70mm.
work t5i rebel	Yes, it will work just fine. It has the EF-S mount which is compatible with all Canon APS-C (non full frame) cameras. Be sure to learn to use Canon DPP software so you can clean up the images. It's a nice lens but distortion at 17mm is noticable, can be mostly fixed with DPP.
work 6dcanon	EF-S lenses are only compatible with some EOS and Rebel models. They are not compatible with full frame cameras.
usa warranty gray one thank	USA warranty
include box front back cap include	Hello! Yes, it includes the lens and one back cap and a front cap.
lose lense extended tilted normal	Yes, it's normal. This is called lens creep.
dust lens anyone dust lens	Inside or outside? I have some dust inside that I really don't how to clean! Any ideas?
get confused ef efs lens lens work canon 5d mark ii	The EF-S lens will only work on some of Canon's cameras, The EF will work on your 5D MarkII, the EF-S will not.
hi works eos 7e digital	Honestly, I don't know. I would contact the PRO's on this one. I haven't shot film camera in over 20 years. That was with a Pentax, before I went to digital.
figure lenses clutch autofocus action otherwords manually adjust focus autofocus mode	I wouldn't adviyce manual focus on autofocus. I pretty much shoot manual focus. As for a clutch, I wouldn't know right off hand.
work rebel xs	I have used the lens on a Rebel xt and ti3 by Canon. The lens fits on both. You can check and see if the lens has canon mount.
shooting grand canyon fine 60d1022mm combo rent mark ii canon 1635mm	Yes, although honestly, that will probably be too wide for most of your work there. The canyon is so expansive that you'll probably end up wanting to shoot with a longer lens on most of the time, otherwise the details of the canyon will be too small.
lens compatible canon 6d	Since the 6D is a full frame camera I do not believe that the EF-S 10-22mm lens will work. It was designed for cropped sensor cameras. You could check with Canon to be sure.
need special wide angle uv filter lens	Takes a standard 77mm UV filter. Not sure if it creeps into the image. I can check.
lens fit canon 60d	http://www.lensora.com/compability2.asp?lens=178&camera=442 Absolutely!
new dslr photography fit rebel t3	Yes, it does.
work used lenses eos rebel sl1 dslr recommended	Yes, Ram. SL1 will perfect fit in any EF-S lens or EF lens. Thank you Ram.
lens capable macro shots	Min focus is 1.3 ft.
work canon eos 5d mark iii big difference lens 24105mm	Yes, and difference is this one is a bit smaller range, but about the same....either one good for all use.
run intel pentium 775	This motherboard(Atx Intel 915P Ex) will not run Pentium D 775 processors, but will run just about any Pentium 4 775 processors.
see wire hook ports sides speaker matter side hook wires	Yeah it does, depending on what ohm load you decide. What kind of amp do you have, and do you have 1 or 2 woofers?
6 ohms little much sub either 0 12 ohms	I dont remember but great sub....customer just wanted something simple
pyramid arctic 1000 watt amp 1800 watt sub cannot handle amp full power would sub handle full power 1000watt rms	This sub is terrible. Hit decently for a little while (couple months) at 400watts rms from my viper before smoking up a storm.
know many watts rms	1000rms
buy 4 speakers could handle momo block power acoustic 4000 watts	I would recommend wiring for 2ohm setup. @ 1ohm it might be pushing the speakers to the limit. Power acoustic amps are inexpensive because they have a lot of distortion so don't Max them out. I'm running 3 @ 2.6 ohms on a hifonics 1500w and they bang!
manufacturer's recommended ported box size	I'm not sure but two POUND in my Obcon dual 10th with the 1 or 1 1/2 in. slotted vent port down the center.
bought 2 1500 watts amp 2000 ok need another amp pluz wire 1 ohm	It's ok but you will need to be careful with the gain setting if u wire it to 1 ohm. And if 1 ohm doesn't sound good try it at 4 ohms. What kind of amp? Is it a monoblock? Amp makes a difference
many come one two	Just one.
rms wattage sub	1000 watts rms full power 2000 watts
handle 3500 watts	It can prolly handle a 3500 watt amp if the levels on the amp are played with to get the right sound but if it was me that would be overkill for one 10inch sub. I have a 1500 watt amp that's pushing it just fine. I had to play with the levels to get the sound right so it won't distort. I have the 10inch sub in a ported box that sounds amazing with the boss 1500. If you have a 3500 amp I would do a 12inch or 2 10inch subs. Just my opinion and I'm no expert keep in mind. I hope that helps you
quick release plate recommendations I considering monopod wondered anyone suggest quick release plate would compatible could reduce potential wear camera's tripod socket threads	Sima quick release, about $14 bucks. Works great. Copy and paste the link below: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00006JQ6C
compatible canon 40d	Yes, it has a 1/4-20 male end. The 40D has a tripod mount with 1/4-20 female opening (most cameras do) it will work.
tempted ask monopod fit camera p	I'm not sure what you are asking but I can tell that I have this monopod for about 6 years now and it works just great for me. I liked it because it is very long and the price is very good. The quality is realy good enough for me as I'm not a pro. good luck.
compatible canon xs compatible canon xs camera	Tripod mounts are standard. Any tripod or monopod will fit any camera with a tripod mount. If your camera has a 1/4 - 20 threaded hole on the bottom, any tripod or monopod will fit. The Canon Rebel XS has a tripod mount.
campatible nikon d300	Tripod mounts are standard. Any tripod or monopod will fit any camera with a tripod mount. If your camera has a 1/4 - 20 threaded hole on the bottom, any tripod or monopod will fit. The Nikon D300 has such a mount.
compatible hf100 compatiable hf100	Tripod mounts are standard. Any tripod or monopod will fit any camera with a tripod mount. If your camera has a 1/4 - 20 threaded hole on the bottom, any tripod or monopod will fit.
compatible camera monopod compatible canon eos10d	Tripod and monopod mounts are standard. The Canon EOS line all have a standard tripod screw mount (threaded hole)on the bottom. The only thing you have to worry about is the combined weight of the camera and lens exceeding the rated capacity of the tripod / monopod.
works canon t3i	Yes; I am not a canon expert but this was purchased for a photography class in a crime scene program for a university. Yes, to my knowledge it will work on a T3i because we have T3is, T4is, and T5is. I find that most Canon lenses are interchangable with all 3 of these as well as some of the higher end cameras like the 60D and 70D. It appears that Canon is good that way.
older cpu would like put board e8400 still compatible motherboard	Hi.no,the board does not support that cpu.here's a list of supported processors: http://tinyurl.com/a9oxfwy
hi mobo support intel pentium 30ghz hyperthread support ram ddr2 667mhz 240 pin thanks	DDR2 ram is not supported. I made That mistake when i bought it
monopod 100 compatible compact sd870is would able use monopod 14in threads believe canon sd870is without need adapter exist	The thread size is an industry standard. This should work with pretty much any camera you buy, assuming it has a tripod mount.
canon products monopod work canon products	The thread size is an industry standard. This should work with pretty much any camera you buy, assuming it has a tripod mount. It does NOT have a quick release top.
hi wondering still attach lens cap body camera thanks	Yes No problem putting the lens cap on with the sun shade. Also you can attach the hood backwards so it fits in your camera case better.
work 1855 55250 canon lens work 1855 55250 canon lenses	Does not work with Canon EF-S 18-55mm IS II Lens and EF-S 55-250mm IS Lens
screw towards photographer tucked away day yet always attached camera	I have found that it goes on easily in the correct position, but seems to get stuck on the lens when reversed. It has been stuck so bad, that I thought I was going to damage the lens getting it off.
work 18135 stm lens	Yes, this is one of the few lens hoods that does fit the 18-135. Mine fits perfectly on my lens.
fit canon 70d 18135mm lens filter cover part lens put	Not sure. Goto canon.com, type in the lense model, and look at the specs....which will include the lense hood. Canon OEM hoods work with filters on and will not impede the lense function.
fit canon 70d 18135mm lens filter cover part lens put	Of course, the camera body isn't a factor (I'm using a T4i body). I have an EF-S STM 16-135mm lens with a U/V filter. The lens hood fits very well. Putting on and taking off the lens cap with the lens hood on may be a bit more tricky though.
hi lens hood work boyfriend's canon power shot s5is wanted surprise cannot ask thanks	No
battery work canon cb2lw recharger combatable rebel xt eos	Yes, the battery IS compatible with both the XT body AND the CB-2LW charger.
recharged cannon batteries multiple times past 34 years point need replace	After 2 years I would say
battery coming charger	No. I think you have to order the charger separate. I only needed the battery so I did not check further.
length battery life fully charged	About 500 pictures but less if you use flash or spend a lot of time viewing your photos on the screen.
batter work zr500 use battery canon zr500	According to canon.com, yes: ZR100 ZR200 ZR300 ZR400 ZR500 ZR600 ZR700 Tho, you may be better off with the BP-2L14 that lists for $10 more and lasts over twice as long...
phone caller id	The Pbx has to have a caller ID for the caller ID to work on the phone.
phone compatible pbx panasonic 308 easa phone	Yes it is. I have configured this phone for use on 308 and 616 phone systems before with no issues. Pretty much it is plug and play if the phone system is configured correctly.
many lines handle	3 Lines but must be connected to a pbx like KX-TA824
phone slot headset	If you are referring to a dedicated slot for a headset, the answer is yes. I thas a micro plug on the left side that a headset can be plugged in. This micro plug is one size smaller than your normal iphone or android plug.
phone work stand alone device system required also run batteries without power cord	Full PBX System Required by Panasonic Cannot run on Batteries
handle supposed lock different positions longest bit short really want handle shorter full length thanks	Locks in all the different positions as long as you don't release it with button on the handle. This is a great product
tall handle extended	im not sure the exact length but I am 6'3'' and it is fine for me.
pair running shoes fit clothing compartment	Yes
unit handle asus g74 173 screen latptop trouble finding carry wheeled bag fit	It handles my 17"er
would fit 18200 lens	Check the Canon web site it is very specific about which lens and hood go together
screw hood bayonet mount hood	It screws on.
hood used	A lens hood is used to eliminate glare from unwanted sunlight.
much storage space	Enough for a large 17" laptop and 12 folders of papers; I'm happy with it
bag water resistant hold rain snow	We do not know if it's water resistant but it has been holding up very well. We feel it is an excellent product and glad we bought it!!
case come shoulder strap	Yes, It does.
version interior pocket tablet	True, it has a pocket for tablet with soft and cover foam.
fit seat overhead bins smaller regional jets used delta airlines	It may fit in the overhead bin. But they usually take them as you board the plane and keep them up front in the forward cabin. I hope this helps you...
tilted towards listener	In my experience, that is not necessary. Really, it's a matter of what sounds better to you since the acoustics varies from one room to the next. If you crank these up, the sound is going to fill the room regardless.
accepts biwiring	Yes, you can bi-amp them. They come with bridges to connect the two sets of posts, which can be removed for bi-wiring if you want.
series 2 monitor 70 anybody know series 2 monitor 70 better product original cheap model cheap price	The Series II has black cloth covering the grills instead of dark gray, same drivers and tweeters. These are the entry level line from Polk right now. 
wonder anyone set csi 6 center biwired biamp center fronts	I have a CS2 center and have the Monitors bi-amped with the front high output of my Pioneer VSX-1121-K receiver. Bi-amping made a noticeable difference in the sound.
ohm	8-ohm
putting together system speakersto hook reciever want use fronts go rec wat amp	I have used a midle of the road pioneer and yamaha recever to power mine without an ext amp. They work fine that way, aprox 100 wt per chanel. Mine are used as front chanels and work great in 7.1 system. Hope this has helped and need anything else let me know.
everyone talking approx $400pair specifically says single $330 would make $660pair missing something	If it says $330. for a single, it is probably a typo, I bought mine 3 years ago less than that. !. Make sure they arent Monitor II speakers, although that would be too much for them too I believe. $330.00/pair sounds like what they might be selling for.FYI-shop around!
klipsch rf 82 polk audio monitor 70 one sounds better recommend	Here is my two cents, Klipsch RF82 might has deeper bass performance due to its larger driver (dual 8") to handle the lower end, but Polk has a more even performance cross whole sound range and it handled the bass very well as well.
work lexicon mpx 100	After looking up the power supply for the lexicon, it IS indeed 9vAC power supply, but the lexicon PS is 2Amp, where this one is 1.3Amp. There is also the potential for different size plugs. So... it MIGHT work... but it more likely might not.
work whammy 5	No
work digitech rp300a	I don't know I purchased it for the RP500 works perfectly
work vocalist live 5	It may, but I am not familiar with vocalist live 5. If you have the owners manual to the product, it should tell you what adapter will work for your product.
power supply work jamman stereo looper	I think it will work. Just check mA rating vs. what Jam man requires.
digitech rp 355 power supply work w rp 1000	Yes, they both use the PS0913B power supply.
long cord	A little over 6'
digitech rp1000 rated 9vac 13a one power 1000	Hi Mike, My son uses this for his RP250, but the product page for the RP1000 also lists the same power supply so i don't see why it wouldn't work. http://digitech.com/en-US/products/rp1000
work original model digitech bass whammy adaptor lists output 820 13a unsure	Your best bet would be to find one with the correct specs, I have a bp200 and only the correct power adapter would allow the pedal to function correctly
work gnx2	I can't tell you, not having a GNX2. I see Amazon sells the "Digitech PSS3-120 Power Supply for GNX2, GNX3, GNX3000, GNX4, J-Station" power supply separately, so it sounds like there is a difference. Amazon doesn't give any specs on either.
need store laptop separate sleeve inserting case	It is pretty well padded, but it would not hurt to put it in a sleeve. I don't think it is necessary though. I really like this bag. It is a good bag, for traveling on a business trip for a few days. It makes a great carry on.
amp would recommend speakers	I just got the Emotiva XPA-5 to drive M70 fronts, CS2 center, and M60 surrounds. The difference over my Onkyo TX-NR808 is quite amazing! If you're on a budget the XPA-5 is a good choice. 
carry polk 5 year warranty	On the Polk's web sit it does say they come with a 5 year warranty as long as you register them on Polk .com I did mine and they say they are covered.
amp would recommend speakers	I just got the Emotiva XPA-5 to drive M70 fronts, CS2 center, and M60 surrounds. The difference over my Onkyo TX-NR808 is quite amazing! If you're on a budget the XPA-5 is a good choice. If you have a lot more to spend I'd look at Adcom, Sunfire, and Parasound equipment. I haven't listened to them but from what I've read you won't be let down. I still think the Emotiva XPA-5 is one of the most underrated products on the market. For the money, it's an excellent option. 5 year warranty gives peace of mind.
carry polk 5 year warranty	On the Polk's web sit it does say they come with a 5 year warranty as long as you register them on Polk .com I did mine and they say they are covered.
tilted towards listener	In my experience, that is not necessary. Really, it's a matter of what sounds better to you since the acoustics varies from one room to the next. If you crank these up, the sound is going to fill the room regardless.
accepts biwiring	Yes, you can bi-amp them. They come with bridges to connect the two sets of posts, which can be removed for bi-wiring if you want.
series 2 monitor 70 anybody know series 2 monitor 70 better product original cheap model cheap price	The Series II has black cloth covering the grills instead of dark gray, same drivers and tweeters. These are the entry level line from Polk right now.
everyone talking approx $400pair specifically says single $330 would make $660pair missing something	If it says $330. for a single, it is probably a typo, I bought mine 3 years ago less than that. !. Make sure they arent Monitor II speakers, although that would be too much for them too I believe. $330.00/pair sounds like what they might be selling for.FYI-shop around!
klipsch rf 82 polk audio monitor 70 one sounds better recommend	Here is my two cents, Klipsch RF82 might has deeper bass performance due to its larger driver (dual 8") to handle the lower end, but Polk has a more even performance cross whole sound range and it handled the bass very well as well.
dual voltage plug adaptor needed overseas	On my unit the AC power block input is labeled 100-240 V, 50-60 Hz. That means you can use it in any AC power system in the world, with appropriate plug adapters. Note that it also comes with a separate power cable that connects to a computer USB port - so you can operate without the AC power block.
travel wireless router need connect laptop wirelessly ethernet modem without another computer	You'll probably benefit by using a portable router such as the D-Link DWL-G730AP Wireless Pocket Router/AP w/ Client Mode, 802.11g, 54Mbps.
used bluray without built wifi	I'm not sure, but you can send an email to D-link, and I'm sure they will respond to your question. The link is http://support.dlink.com/ If your answer is not there, you have "customer service" and "contact support" options on the bottom of that same page.
someone explain hooked xbox 360 make console wireless thank	You plug the Ethernet cable into the 360 and run the 730 in client mode (there's a switch). In client mode it's basically a wifi adapter.
ipod touch use router ipod touch	Yes; the iPod Touch uses the same WiFi technology as a typical laptop.
work guitar	Yes, it has a standard 1/4" jack and you can plug them into a guitar amp or anything with a 1/4" input.
headphones mono switchable stereo mono	To the best of my knowledge, it doesn't matter. If the source is stereo, you will listen to that, and vice versa for mono...
work bass guitars bass amplifiers	If your bass amp has a 1/4 headphone jack then these should work just fine.
long cord	72", straight cord. Mine are a couple years old, though... could have changed.
yamha organ jack looking right sized plug know big plug	Lori, There are basically 3 types of audio input output jacks used on todays electronics. 1. RCA jack 2. 1/8" or 3.5mm jack 3. 1/4" stereo or mono jack The Behringer HPS3000 Studio Headphones come with a 3.5mm jack and a 1/4" stereo adapter. When it comes to headphones, these 2 types of jacks cover 95% of all headphone applications. 
good recording clean vocals	Yes it sure is
good mixing	Thset have been great for me. If it's any consolation to you, my wife tries to get my attention when I'm using these and I can't hear a word she says. Lol
mic	they do not.
behringer hps3000 fit tight head im looking relaxed fit	This pair of headphones fit very comfortably and do very well with canceling outside noise.
work iphone 5c	They should I have them on a Droid 4 and they are great for phones too.
received lotus millennium disk reason load due error accessing system registry troubleshoot win7prof	When you insert the disc the dialog box is displayed and one of the choices is to run the set up. 
wonder anyone set csi 6 center biwired biamp center fronts	I have a CS2 center and have the Monitors bi-amped with the front high output of my Pioneer VSX-1121-K receiver. Bi-amping made a noticeable difference in the sound.
ohm	8-ohm
putting together system speakersto hook reciever want use fronts go rec wat amp	I have used a midle of the road pioneer and yamaha recever to power mine without an ext amp. They work fine that way, aprox 100 wt per chanel. Mine are used as front chanels and work great in 7.1 system. Hope this has helped and need anything else let me know.
work windows 7 provide lotus 123r5w spreadsheets	It certainly does work on Windows 7... and on 8. Yes it incorporates Lotus 123, though I don't use it myself. Sorry, I don't know what r5w is. The version number is 9.8.
getting new computer near future work old worksheets	The real question is whether the new lotus will work with Windows 7 or 8. I couldn't make it work on 7 unless I went to Virtual XP. 
work windows 8	According to the IBM website (Look up Lotus SmartSuite 9.8.2 Support Questions) - yes. We are installing it on a 2008 R2 64 bit server and it appears to be working correctly.
work windows 81	Yes, it is working for me.
get download work 81	I'm pretty sure you have to get it on CD. I got it to work on Windows 7 but not sure about 8.1.
work windows 7 64bit	Yes it will. I have installed it on Windows 7 64 bit and it works perfectly. :)
recorder record vhs dvds	I have no experience with this specific machine, but the Emerson DVD recorder/VCR which I had and functioned would allow the recording from VCR tapes to DVD and vice versa. 
connecton cable tv outlet	Yes, but don't buy this. Wherever I play a dvd it switches back to the VCR side And won't play the dvd
play vhspal tapes	Hi. I don't know what PAL is? The DVD/VCR Combo that I purchased does play both DVD and VCR formats. However, the unit will not allow me to advance on the DVD format. Very disappointing.
wanted make sure record vhs dvd yes	This is not a DVD recorder. It will play vhs or dvds but not record dvds.
come remote	Yes, it does.
built tuner vcr record tv	its not working
html connection	No it does not. This particular unit was made in ~2001, long before HTML was in existence.
front disc actual words digital audio recordable printed small box right hand side	yes. yes it does. I'm looking at one right now, those exact words.
discs used home audio cd recorders know difference ones computer ones home audio	ONLY Sony MUSIC CD's (with the purple label) will work on my stand-alone Audio CD Recorders (made by Phillips, Teac, Kenwood, Crosley, [non-computer based]) as they have a bluish-green tint and have a special encoding to tell the recorder that they have they have paid a 'royalty fee' to record music. 
cdr music change crr music	I use them to record sermons on our Chruch's recording system. The CD R Music/Audio formated disc are the only ones that will work on our machine.
difference discs cdr cdrw hoping says audio work teac recorder	Cd-rw's can be erased and then reused. cd -r cannot.
cds used master cd make copies	I have not tried to make a copy from the original cd that I have made.... Yet. I do not see why you could not unless your recording system has the copyright protection and automatically writes that on the "master" cd.
quality difference ones branded music cdr's httpamzncomb003zdnzsi I burning audio	I didn't get the expect results. Spend many hours trying to find out why they didn't work properly I disposed of cd's in the garbage can.
purple label sony music cd's vs white label sony cd's philips' audio cd recorders work purple label sony cd's white label	There is a difference! My Teac CD recorder (AD-RW900) will only record on "Audio" (the purple label) cds. I had tried the other "music rated" cds and they will not be recognized by the recorder, perhaps the formatting is set up for real time recording and the others are formatted to be burned from a PC.
suggestion work well burning computer cd experience thanks	Sony CD's work very well. As long as the CD's say MUSIC (as in CD-R music) and have a purple wrapping label, they work very well, much better than any other brand. 
car stereo rejects cdrs hold light see discs opaque enough transparent	Not real sure about the transparency issue but if your homemade cd's have paper labels on them that you applied, these reek havoc with car players because of the tight tolerences. Won't play right and half the time the players just ejects them until finally one will get stuck in the player.
top side colored clear	I believe the top of the CD was not clear
work windows 81	No...
work windows vista	Sorry, I don't know....but it certainly works in Windows 7.
work windows xp	Yes. That's the system used by the computer I run Lotus on & I haven't had any problems.
hook bose wifi	No
get jammed disc	I've never had that happen. I do stop the disc from playing first and then eject it because I had read some people were having trouble with jammed discs. I'm sorry.... I don't know how to unjam it.
different wave music system wave music system iii	The 3 I believe is for much larger area, for example a store or a gymnasium. If it is for your home I would not recommend Bose. It's very expensive. 
play older model ipod mini	Sorry, I do not know. I do not own iPod.
howwhere get remote control replacement	From Bose directly
playable error message	Good Morning Margaret, It is likely that you are placing a CD into the player upside down and getting the Error Message. Try placing a CD rightside up and then try it. Hope this helps. Marion.
interested soundhow would people rate	Excellent sound. You can believe the advertisements.
change tone voice hearing books tape	I don't understand the question -- no you are unable to change tone
model awrcc1	I don't know the model you are talking about but the one in your picture looks like mine. We also have the 3 CD player. We love it. The sound system is great.
unset clock alarm	Press the Alarm "On/Off" button
adapter audiopassthrough	Yes, as this adapter doesn't have any way to alter the signal, what comes in is going out, it's a straight wire adapter.
work mic 25mm male mono plug	yes it will just be in mono not stereo
long	I measured them a while back and got 18.25 inches assembled.
need 2 3x6 inch ports long	It's longer than 6 inches But you can cut to length
come glue need kind get	You do not need glue, for most applications you could use Duct tape or gorilla tape to seal the sections together without having to glue them. This would then allow you to reuse, recut the pieces again in the future or sell the port if you ever wish to get rid of it or modify it. 
one two tubes kit	One tube with two ends, a small end that goes in the speaker box and a larger end that's mounted to the outside of the speaker box.
work xbox 360 controller audio output microphone input headset inline mic attachment vmoda boombox	Yes, this part should work in that scenario.
required connect standard pc office chair internets say cheaper alternative buttkicker gamer2	When you have purchased an appropriate amplifier there will more than likely be RCA connections for Line-Level audio. You're *supposed* to have an audio interface to filter out the highs, but I just run an auxiliary-to-RCA cable straight from my PC's audio jack to the amplifier. Works fine.
hook one preamp output amp attach chair using audio system home theater	Gary these transducers are rated at 50 watts. A preamp output is not what you should consider for driving this load.
50 watts enough models 1500watts need sit drummers seat feel music full band	Yes
buggers work need seperate amp b speakers currant amp work need crossover built h	You will need a separate amp. You will also need to split your LFE signal from your AVR and send it to the second amp. Hope this helps.
plan using two massage chair use insignia nsr2001 stereo amp get sub amp low freq	I am no expert but after doing my research this is what I got. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0070Z87YO/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o06_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 It isn't turned up all the way and it still does the job well. I do recommend a base amp so it will only go off when base sounds come through
frequency response	Probably depends more on the amp. But I wouldn't be using it for much over 200, I see some use filters to block the higher frequencies but I split my low frequency signal
wonderful sub bic f12 wanted connect bass shaker output provided rear side let know done	The bic has preamp outs on the back. You can connect the shakers. You will still need an amp to power the shakers
split lfe denon sub onkyo input output speaker wire	Im assuming youre using the Onkyo just as a low end amp? If so, then you run speaker wire to the shaker. If youre using more than one shaker, you want to bridge it into 8 ohms. Then that should be it.
want put one driver side one passenger side seats amp would best cost effective option thanks	I use these at home in my couch. With that said an amp that is 50w with a low pass filter will work. It doesn't have to be super high end because you probably won't play any frequencies 500hz tops.
seperate amp needed use high level inputs correct like speaker passive sub crossover use	I have them wired into my car; attached to the back of the driver and passenger seat. For my purpose using an external amp is the only way I could give them enough power, isolate the bass tone, and the added benefit of having a bass level knob is always a plus. If you're doing a home theater system as long as you give them the proper amount of power crossovers will work.
another part number mating male connector	same part, just turned upside down
hi adapter waterproofand know buy thanks	please do not wast money it, very bed quality made
crimp wires	Slip a 1" piece of heat shrink tubing on the wire to be crimped. Dip the stripped wire into some solder flux, place the connector on a hard surface (like the flat top of a vise), insert the wire into the connector, place the side edge of a large flat blade screwdriver on top of the connector centered over the wire holder, then smack the screwdriver blade edge with a hammer.
clear bought 2 pcs connect together trying hook marine battery boat want quick disconne	Yes buying 2 will mate together. They perfect for a marine battery application.
come part 2 piece set male female connector	This is a one piece item. It will plug into another one just like it. There is no male/female with this type of connector.
bought vehicle one mounted need buy another mate one jumper cables size connector hw etc	hi . search amazon.com for smh connectors . all of the connectors are listed on the site . i have purchased many different smh connectors in the past from the available suppliers . good luck !
I wondering long center section tube	I believe it about 12" maybe a bit longer. I just finish setting up my RF T112 sub in a 3+ cubic foot box with 2 4" ports and it hit hard and sounded great.
measured battery cables calipers roughly 375 insulation anybody know gauge	Can't really tell what gauge the wire is by measuring insulation (gauge should be printed on wire). I can tell you that these tyoe of connectors (often refered to as Anderson connectors) are very forgiving and will take up to a 6 gauge wire (I usuallt solder the wires in rather than crimping them)
pico 6370pt dust cover fit smh connectors corrosion destroyed second set truck	Yes. It only covers the connector opening. I soldered my leads and siliconed the back openings. Good luck!
whats exact diameter hole required tube	Parts express web page says 6"3/16 cut out. I cut it on a 45 to match the closer to the port and then glued it in to seal and support it better. I think it was just under 6" and did the final cut with a rotozip.
length	the port should be adjustable. setting the lenght depends on the size of your sub, the cu ft of the enclosure, the free air resonance of the sub you have, and the size of the room or car your putting it in. there are many forums on the web you can get help with "tuning" your sub. I used home theater shack, but there are many to choose from.
mine wont mate together matter lugs installed correctly going think spring inside pushing upwards much	You might be putting it together incorrectly. The longer incline should be toward the open part of the connector and the back of the contact has a much smaller tooth that snaps when the contact is pushed in all the way.
12 imch tube 12 inch total	Tube...it's about 16 inches with the ends on it
device come wiring diagram	most universal relays usually have pin out diagram on them wire according to that and you'll be fine
fit hella relay 4 pin goes hella super tone horns	Hella distributed multiple different relays. The one that came with my horns this fit. Personally I didn't use this though, I used female disconnects and just wired them directly to the relay terminals.
depth speaker	3 3/8"
use replacement woofers shot infinity home speakers size seems right	I replaced the woofers in my Infinity center speaker with these, they fit perfectly. I can't tell how the sound quality compares though, but they at least don't sound bad.
price pair	No, only for the one speaker/woofer..It is still a good price tho'.
unit play cdrs would someone owns player please respond	yes this plays cd-rs but it seems to play factory cds more reliably
work speakers present stereo large speakers amfmplus cd player compatible mp player	This is not a stand alone unit. If you can connect the audio cables from this unit into a receiver then it will play through your speakers. You cannot connect speakers to this and have it play music, it is not a power (amplifier).
2 questions play cdrw's speaker outputs play cds without receiver	It has played everything I've put in it...commercial and copies. I does not have speakers or an amp.
pioneer pdf407 25disc cdfile changer forum item play cd's standalone pieces purchased go	You would need to have a receiver or amplifier to use this unit. Speakers would depend on what amp or receiver you use.
set universal remote	I haven't tried it, but will also be interested in thost that have answers
shuffle feature	Yes, also skip. Great machine.
pioneer receiver vsxd308 &amp cd player pdf908 wonder receiver would work pioneer pdf407	Mine worked, and it was old. I imagine the salesman could answer that one.
kind amplifier need go pioneer cd changer find one much cost	my guess is it depends on your speakers ... audio amplifiers can be 25W, 75W, 125W, and up ... i use a 75W amplifier (made by PYLE) and it has plenty of power.
long warrant item	1year on cd changer
tell address manual download warranty item	The item came with an operating manual, so I never had to download one. It was a gift for my sister, so I do not recall the Warranty, but believe it was more than 90 days. She still has it and uses it, I think I bought it back in 07 or 09.
best soundisolating inear headphones recommend among following models add new model list price range please	I have the shure e2cs and they were great at isolation but they were very uncomfortable to wear for long periods, and difficult to get seated correctly. I also have V-moda vibe ii and they are the best i've used. Their bass is far superior to the e2cs but its not overpowering either. I would go for them. However i paid $60 (on amazon) for the shures and $120 for the vmodas.
kind eartips included er6i box think pair biger eartips right	Double check what you are ordering. I wanted the ER6I-15SM and received the ER6i-18's instead. My fault because I didn't catch it but when you do a search on Amazon, for the 15SM model, the -18's are the ones that actually come back in the search vs actually saying the -15SM are not available but would you like to try the --18's.
wire strength I I would like know spend twice much etymotics phones phones fall apart like sonys	Disclaimer: I've spent quite a bit of time forcing these puppies into various depths and angles to try to find ANY angle where they produce any sort of bass, and I've failed miserably.
tiny ears foam buds fit tiny ear canals	I have the same problem. I've been using the 'small' 2-flange eartips ER6I-18C for over 5 years now. They 're GREAT. Just have to replace the filters every 3-6months if they get buildup on them (but they protect the actual speakers very well).
color wires 14g	I don't remember the colors, but the 14g wires are the two thick ones.
longevity things going break faulty wiring anything	I had a pair that lasted for about 3 years but I wasn't careful about pulling them out of my ears using the wires instead of reaching down in to pull them out by grabbing the little plastic case. Long story short - one side finally went dead from a loose wire which aren't repairable! They do offer a replacement price from their website so I called a lovely lady there at the company and told her my story - mostly that I only used them at home to watch TV.
tracing photo question also tape photo tablet maybe cover light vellum protect photo trace tablet using pen	Yes, that would work fine with this tablet, in fact, when people complain to Wacom about the fact that they can't lift up the top to put something under it for tracing, they suggest placing under a clear sheet. It seems to have a pretty decent distance to which it can recognize the pen pressing down on it, but I haven't exactly measured it.
size matter wacom tablets hi I thinking buying one first thought go bigger one I seen couple graphic designers 6x8 wacom tablet page completely happy purchases necessary get	A middle ground 6x8 is fine. You want to consider how much of your workspace you want taken up when you get a large tablet. 
casual user overkill would using intuos3 6x8 overkill need	Intuos is a highly pressure sensitive tablet. If you're just doing mid level work you're probably better of using a graphire instead. I find intuos to be more of an illustrator's tablet than a digital touch up.
graphire vs intuos difference graphire series intuos series	As I understand the issue - and, granted, I may be mistaken, but this is what the information I've gathered suggests - the Intuous is a higher-grade model.
work linux operating system	Wacom doesn't offer drivers for any distribution of Linux, only Windows or Mac operating systems as found here: http://us.wacom.com/en/support/drivers However, it appears that there is hope for folks on Ubuntu. If that is your distribution of choice, check Ubuntu's Wacom community here https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Wacom
recent reviews state part wire gauge specified description rectified description wrong	My order arrived as described, 14ga load wires and 18ga coil wires. I think the current ratings confuse some due to AC vs DC and the voltage applied.
windows vista compatability work windows vista	I have an Intuos 3 6x8 tablet, and it works fine on both my Windows XP desktop and on my Vista laptop. It initially wasn't configured properly to the Vista, but I just re-installed the driver and now I can switch it between the two computers with no trouble at all. The Intuos is great; I have never had so much as a hiccup from it, it fits neatly into a laptop case, and it's a really delightful tool to work with. Highly recommended!
intuos portablity I looking buy new tablet considering intous 6 x 8 hav two questons intous portable	Intuos 6x8 is portable and it should be fine. I see alot of digital artists carrying it and stuffing them into their laptop cases. But my friend who has it broke the thing in like a month (her dad accidently dropped it) so be sure to get the insurance thing and be very careful!
software versions versions packages photoshop elements coral paint essentials nik color effex pro included tablet shipped amazon	To be honest, Photoshop Elements isn't all that great compared to the other Photoshops, at least not in my opinion. I really recommend, if you're really into artistic stuff, getting Adobe Photoshop 7 or higher (I use CS2 myself, and have for a long time, though I've never tried CS3+).
could anyone recommend printer print paintings could anyone recommend affordable printer print wide format prints	Positives: Have had a PIXMA Pro 9000 for a year and love it's quality (use Canon paper and ink only!). 
see drawing tablet pc drawing see design tablet pc pc	The Wacom Intuos3 tablet does not display anything on the tablet itself; you have to get used to watching the PC screen as you're moving the pen over the surface of the tablet.
work windows 81 please tell sold	I would say that it should and will work fine with Win 8, as the Legacy Drivers for this tablet on the Wacom website do include Win 8 in the listing. http://us.wacom.com/en/support/legacy-drivers/
trace design paper	Normally it is best to scan an image onto your computer, then use an application such as Photoshop, Painter, or SketchBook to digitally trace on a separate layer. While tracing an image on the tablet can be done, some setup is required as there needs to be adjustment for aspect ratio, and document size.
work windows 8	I personally don't have Windows 8, but usually Wacom updates their software regularly to accommodate new operating systems. The only time they don't is when they no longer support old hardware, which isn't often.
replacing graphire 4 4 tabletpen larger one need software cd downloading never works provide software	Yes
use photoshop element12 arthritis right hand cramp hurt like devil would table help	Yes, it would work. You shouldn't have too much of a problem. Just ensure the latest drivers are on from your operating system. You can get it from the Wacom website.
tablet compatible adobe software purchased separately	Yes; I've never had any problem with it.
intuos 3 work windows 7	If you are running Photoshop cs your graphics card should be able to handle Intuous 3 I think. Check with Wacom to be sure.
amazon $50 less purchase product crutchfield	running sale
drawing surface texture like previous cheapo tablet's surface rough sounded like nails dragged across surface	Should be smooth with no obvious change to edges.
need antena	I use the tiny white cord that comes with it....hardly noticeable. The radio is in my kitchen.
difference model 1 platinum model 1	The Platinum model 1 has a piano black housing and a brighter face than the model 1. There is no difference in sound quality as far as I could tell. The platinum 1, in my opinion, is much better looking.
saw box says firewire port requires power adapter sold separately mean unit useless without	I only use a FireWire cable from my PC for power. Mine works fine that way.
mac firewire 800 port unit work	Yes, but you will need to buy a FireWire 400 to FireWire 800 cable (6 pin to 9 pin), or a FireWire 400 to 800 adapter.
might somebody explain different bamboo create tia	The Intuos3 9x12-Inch tablet will have a drawing area that is 9" x 12". It has multiple ExpressKeys on each side of the tablet which can be customized for various functions, as well as touch-strips which can be used for scrolling or zooming. It included a pen and mouse, when new, and is compatible with a variety of Intuos3 accessory pens.
final output file format	I used it to capture with Wirecast. In Wirecast you can choose the file format. I am not aware of the proprietary software that may come with it and the file formats it can provide.
use device digitize sony minidv's	The format of the media doesn't matter. What matters is if you have a camera or deck that will play the media and if it has the appropriate outputs. If your camera as a video output and audio outputs of the right type it will work. This device will accept typical "RCA" plug audio outputs. 
download tv shows amazon prime	No. Is a device to convert analog video (via composite or RCA) to digital video (DVD).
connecting via fw400 la cie fw800 macmini loosing frames every seconds advice	Sorry, I don't use Mac.
long warranty	Original owner with proof of purchase, one year. Get the mfg power supply, cheapies don't have the current producing capacity (3A). Works like a charm! Highly recommend.
dv sony vx2000 hsa 1394 interface nee advc110 transfer usb port laptop	I think may be not by USB, if your lap top has the same input port (firewire) may be yes. With a mac you could do that
male side telephone already ethernet cable female end	This is not the adapter you need. A household telephone jack is an RJ11. This is an RJ45. This product converts a standard Ethernet cable into a crossover cable. These are rarely needed these days. The GigE specification requires auto MDI-X.
need 2 one make crossover cable	Just one. Almost all modern routers will auto config for you.
work cat 5e cables	Absolutely. The connectors are the same; the only difference is that Cat6 cables are better shielded from interference.
adsl ethernet adapter	Ethernet to Ethernet, just includes a crossover.
hi want change old wall phone rj45 topj11female male	This crossover device is used when you have a need to convert a CAT6 straight through patch cable into a cross over patch cable without having to re-terminate the cable.
connect two laptops together regular cat6 ethernet cable need one adapters two	1
loopback functionality female male end device male end	Take a regular straight through patch cable with standard RJ45 ends. Connect one end into the female end of the connector, you now have converted that patch cable into a crossover cable. Cross over cables are typically required when connecting to similar devices together, two PC's for example.
compatibility wacom mac compatible	Yes, they are. My home computers are PCs, but the school I am enrolled in for digital art uses Macs almost exclusively, and I am able to hook my tablet up to them and have it work almost instantly. They travel back and forth between Macs and PCs fabulously.
use cat7 cables	The description has the following listed: "Compliant with EIA/TIA Cat6, Draft 11" So I'd assume no.
need crossover upoe cross 4 pairs	Excellent Question. The Units made by PCCABLES.COM and 2 Pairs Twisted and 2 Pairs Straight thru So POE will work with these. Pin - Out Diagram listed user this Link. http://pccables.com/02236.html
use normal cat 5e cable crossover	I have used mine to cross over cat 5e with no problems.
exact size hole diameter cut speakers	9 3/8" (23.81cm) http://www.polkaudio.com/downloads/catalogs/TCi_PCatalogENG.pdf
need speakers mount high walls 105' high aimed sufficiently use	Mine are 11' high and they're fantastic.
already put boxes prewire would able pull boxes mount next floor joist	Cannot understand the question. Are we talking about round speakers ? It's always possible to take out the TC80i and mount in an other place.
computer 20 thunderbolt port use apple thunderbolt firewire adapter get good capture	I was successful with an Apple thunderbolt-firewire adapter and a 5V adapter to power the canopus ADVC110.
intel pwla8391gt pro1000 gt pci network adapter driver	This is the Intel site where you can download the driver. You select the OS and click the blue .exe hotlink to the right and it will download. 
want hard wire 2 windows 7 desktops file sharing work already use router cable internet	Dear Valued Customer, Thank you for contacting AMTF Corp. The intel PWLA8391GT Pro/1000 is a good choice for linking two Windows 7 together in a peer to peer network. 
low high profile	It is a low profile card, but it does not come with a low profile PCI bracket; at least mine didnt.
card work windows 7 64bit	Yes
work esxi	don't know about esxi. however we run Oracle's VM and its not an issue on either side (host/guest). and generally speaking if the underlying OS recognizes this card the VM should as well (once again on both sides). Personally I'd give this card a shot as its one of the few cards that runs on just about every OS one could think of. hope this helps..
please enable shipping egypt urgent	you would have to select expedited shipping at check out
windows reporting item intel pro1000 mt desktop adapter name item right get wrong card	Not sure. I ordered and received a SYBA USB 2.0 PCI card.
use vmware 55 os	Yes, you shouldn't have any problems. Network adapters are bridged from your host OS to the guest OS. If this card is comparable with your system your good to go.
chime comes wiring harnessgot 2005 grand plzz need help boss	Yes it does.
bought kenwood kdc610u 2000 chev impala base model help connect radio properly	I looked on crutchfield.com and they say it works with 2000 Impala (without OnStar). I used it in my 2004 Sunfire, and it works with my Kenwood. You need it because the power going to the radio is always on. I am sure you could find a switch power too, but it would probably not had the delay turn off feature.
need help choosing speaker size 65 vs 8 series tc vs lc inceiling hts trying decide first size need 65 8	I am wondering the same .... debating between the TC60i and TC80i for rear suround ... is there much of a difference between teh 6.5 vs 8 inch ... only intended to be used for movies.
fit 2004 silverado 2500 installed jvc kwhdr81bt batterier daid two sitting would part correct	It may,the truck is not sensing the door is open and key is out of ignition.this module allows communication between truck and aftermarket radio
chime component control effect anything else chime noise	Nope just the chimes. But without it things can go wacky.
work 2005 gmc envoy	it work on my 2004 chevy impala
see non amplified stereo systems work amplified ones anyway special one would buy	I'm not totally certain, but I don't think it will work with an amplifier. The purpose of the adapter is to mate the radio outputs to the vehicle speakers, and it provides a chime to replace the one lost when the original radio is removed.
two cards teamed together create single 2gb adapter system runnin windows 7	yes you can bridge them both they will have the same ip address however bridging them will not increase your network speed unless your switch and other computers can support the same 2GB speed putting 2 in your computer will not conflict one with the other they both have separate hardware id,s if not bridged one or the other will be chosen for internet
dv camcorder transfers via firewire computer firewire port product work well	If your computer doesn't have a FireWire port you'll need to purchase one (you can purchase FireWire cards for both Desktop and Laptop computers). The ADVC110 is NOT a replacement for a FireWire card -- it is simply a digitizer for LIVE video and audio (not for file transfer).
work 2004 trailblazer	Yes
manually use alarm warning kitchen workers presences health department inspector restaurant	No. And personally, if you have to warn your workers of the presence of a health inspector on the premises, you might want to deal with the issues that would cause you to need to warn them in the first place.
alarm sound base unit breech happens door window	No. Each unit is a seperate alarm. the large unit is not a "base" unit. It is a unit of it's own primarly for doors. It has a programmable code and a "chime" feature as well. It is VERY, VERY loud. The smaller units are not connect to the large one, nor or they connected to each other.
im hooking new radio 2004 chevy impala go radio car	Yes
outside	If you're asking if it's waterproof (but that's only a wild guess!) I would say no.
wondering anyone issue door's chime mode works alarm set wrong get defective unit	My unit works both on Chime and Alarm. It is important to align the magnet side properly vertically next to the alarm unit and about a half inch apart. When I arm my unit it beeps once. When I disarm it it beeps twice.
window alarms work sliding patio door thanks	Yes, very well to the point of having to turn off when I am home. :-) They come with a set of three. I used two on windows and the last on the sliding glass patio doors. Stick them on the inside house side not the outer. I stuck the large part on the side panel that meets the door when closed.
alarm sound window broken glass door broken	I do not think so. Only sounds when the unit breaks contact with the magnet, unless mounted right on the glass itself this would not happen with just the glass shattering.
wooden molding around entire outside door still possible use door alarm properly	The punch code unit (not sure about window alarms) has some flexibility. Meaning the sensors do not need to be perfectly line up next to each other.
need use door alarm key pad turn window alarm	No, the window alarm has an on/off buttom. It is independent from the door alarm where you have the key pad.
distance	My house is 2000 sq and the alarm works all the way around.
door tiered wood molding trim around door two inches wide able installed	You may have to adjust the trim, but there is a lot of options with installation. As long as you have the alarm and it's magnetic tab mated properly this should work.
sound quality crosley portable turntables built speaker much cheaper horrible sound thanks	It does the job. But when you plug it in or use head phones. The turn table sounds great.
plug external speakers turntable	yes, it has a RCA jack and a headphone jack.
play 78lp's	Yes.
need different stylus 78's	same stylus. Don't need a different one for the different rpms.
work mac os x 109 mavericks	I really don't know since I use windows 7 with an HP desktop. Sorry.
item work windows 7	Yes, I have Windows 7 and the machine works. BUT, before you burn CDs with your digitized music, be sure to go into your Windows 7 audio controls and set things so you get the fidelity you want. I did not, and the fidelity was poor--neither bass nor treble could be heard.
installed inside door child protection	This is a small battery powered alarm. Two pieces. The larger unit contains the alarm and batteries. The smaller strip like unit is a magnet.
alarm turn shut door window turn onoff switch	As long as you have the two pieces properly aligned when the window or door is shut, it will not sound if when it is on. I use one on my outside garage man-door, a door I don't use, and I leave it on continuously, the battery is over a year old and still going strong.
really button turn	yes, the same button turns it on and/or off
loud chime chime go continuously	The chime is pretty loud. You can definitely hear it from another room. It chimes only once every time you open the door just to alert you. The alarm though is continuous.
door alarm work metal door problems getting work thanks	No
2004 chevy trailblazer cannot locate chime help	Its in the factory radio. The sound comes thru the front speakers. When you replace the factory radio this replaces the chime and other functions
key ignition drivers door open chime make sound fix	It may not be an option for that module , check the wiring schematic and make sure you hooked all the correct wires up.
use outdoor rained	No, they are designed for interior use. Not only that, but it would defeat the purpose of having them, since an intruder could disarm them.
distance sensor magnet causes alarm trip	I lined it up, opened the door. When the alarm went off, I took the backing off and stuck it permanently. It works perfectly. Someone opened my door one night and I heard the alarm from upstairs. The intruder left promptly. Also, it alerts when children leave or enter the house, or leave the door open.
height assume 114 width thanks	They are about a quarter inch thick
two mounting surfaces flush alarm work closed position 12 difference ok	Yes it has to be flush but we just taped a piece of cardboard to the back and attached it to the door. It's our toddler alarm for my daughters room. Lol
sorry missed description thick see info offered thanks	Kevin, I have these on the bottom of my laptop and I would say that they are 1/4", no more than 5/16".
would work well lift small older style flat screen tv cable box give little ventiliation	Maybe but they aren't that tall so you might not get as much ventilation as you'd like. I'd go with a larger one or maybe just try cutting some wine corks and hit gluing them on.
looks like unit made unit mount door knob right install direction	Flip it upside down. Can even be installed horizontally, such as on the top of a sliding glass door
wide center hole want feet within 34 inch	I am unsure of the dimension, as I needed surface mount feet and these worked perfectly.
bought ago want reuse different thing possible apply glue reuse please let know	If you're not worried about getting them off again after that you can probably use some epoxy or super glue...
escort redline power cord work redline	Yes, it works with the redline.
door supporting hinge level plane item work slight space magnetic parts without alarm trigger	It works for me. As long as you don't exceed about half an inch between the two planes of the alarm, you should be good.
work shifter zr3	I used it for my Passport 9500i and it works fine. If the shifter has similar connections I don't see why it wouldn't work.
work max2	Yes. As long as it's an Escort brand radar detector, it will work.
2012 mini wanted confirm mirror mounting kit work passport	I don't have the mirror mount kit. Just the window clip with two suction cups.
work escort 9500 ix	Yes.
bought addacircuit im going plug addacircuit accessory slot 15a fuses put addacircuit	If your are using this circuit for a radar detector, a 2 amp. fuse is adequate.
anyone use motorcycle installation fuse connection water tight	If you wrap the fuse with sufficient tape it should be fine. Also, depending where you place it in the bike will help.
work escort smartradar radar detector 2nd car installation	The direct wire kit should power the Smart Radar detector. Be sure to order a fuse tap to properly access the power source.
long cord	9ft. connector to connector
work cobra	doesn't work at all....save your money
size fuse required plug tools items needed	This hard wire kit uses a wire splicer, pick any power source that turns off when the ignition is off. If you don't want to that you can strip the male end that goes with the splicer and pull out the radio fuse, fold the bare wire over ONE leg of the fuse and push it back in.
passport max clip bit different fit escort max also anyone notice gps performance issue using visor clip	No idea if the Max clip will fit both models. Never had a problem with GPS and all I use is the visor clip.
fit gps angel v4e battery pack	No it won't
assume made metal	It IS made of metal. I like this bracket MUCH better than the suction cups on the windshield. ONLY drawback is that you cannot pull your shade down to block the sun and still have the detector in a horizontal position for use.
accomadate solo 3	It will, I'm using this very clip with my S3
hi anyone try escort max thanks	I DIDN'T REALLY LIKE IT,DOESN'T WORK FOR ME.
work solo 2	Works great with the solo 2!
buttons wearing anyone else problems buttons wearing early remote	Same problem here. Remote worked great for about a year and a half, now a bunch of my buttons don't work - or when they do they repeat. I finally had to throw it away and am now researching for a replacement.
logitech harmony 676 remote anyone tell 676 remote compatible older bose surround sound system	when you say the 720 is not compatible, what exactly do you mean? All the harmony's use the same software to program and the same device codes, so not only should the older ones work but so should the 720.
eat batteries like anyone else issue	I've had this remote for over two years. I saw the light and went the rechargeable route. I can usually go 7-8 weeks between battery changes. If you use the backlight a lot it seems to eat batteries faster. I do know if you have one bad or low battery it will tell you to change batteries quicker. Make sure that all four batteries are fresh.
escort 9500ix radar detector work visor clip thanks	It does, but it's not very good. The sound is muffled against visor.
anyone success using clip radar headliner made modifications please describe	I'm not sure how you would make it attach to a headliner (wouldn't work like that on any of my cars). I would think another concern would be ensuring it's at the right angle and that the car's metal roof isn't interfering with the signal. The good thing about using the visor, is you can adjust the angle of the detector for optimal reception.
olevia 332h work	I have a harmony 550 (basically same compatibility as this one) and the Olevia 337h (37inch version of yours) and it works flawlessly.
backlit keys suggestions	Well, you are looking at it... One of the remotes from Logitech's Harmony line should suit your purposes.
use ps3 use ps3 play dvd's blurays	No you can't. PS3 uses bluetooth and this remote supports IR devices only.
remote work xbox360 wellwill	yes. I use mine for 360/ 360 media center extender/ Vista Media Center/ receiver/ plasma/ and lcd. This remote is great.
pip remote pip button swap button	no it doesnt directly. but you can add them to the remotes lcd menu. you can set up pages of buttons on the lcd. each page consists of 6 buttons/commands you can set up or learn from other remotes.
anybody try 0610 jeep grand cherokee tough	It will work
would work beltronicx gx 65 thanks	You have to be sure yours has a modular jack. Other wise it will work and the best thing to do is get installed. I did and it only cost me about $30 for professional installation and looks.
unit contain speaker also plan waterproof 7500 mount behind grill car use alert	It does not have a speaker but it does have an led on it that turns red. You could splice that into a speaker
long cable	12 feet
redline	Yes, it will work with Redline. Per https://www.escortradar.com/store/direct-wire-smartcord-red.html it supports these models currently: Max, iQ, 9500ix, 9500i, 8500 X50, 8500, 7500S, 7500, 6800, C65, RedLine, Solo S2, Solo S3, SC55
description says work 9500i work 9500ix	Yes, but there might be small features that do not work with other vender equipment such as this. For instance I can not memorize locations with this one.
harmony 676 vs 880 advantages 880 676 color display	Neither of the Logitech remotes use bluetooth. There is a device for $20 that converts the bluetooth to IR for the PS3. The review previously saying it won't work with PVR/DVR is also incorrect.
installed 'alert' light stays time defective unit using passport x65 professional series	I had this issue before, and when asked a friend who had installed he same wire he said his does the same, however, and after 4 months my wire gave out and stopped working... when i got the replacement, the red (alert) light stayed off and only the green light is on unless there is a real alert. So I am not 100% sure if it is defective, but the red light should come on only when there is an alert.
work escort redline	I would not buy this again. It misses some features that it should have.
card j7934g description j7934a title j7934a discontinued difference	I am not sure what the difference is. I do know that this was not the card that was in my original printer but it worked great. If it was me I would buy it and try it.
item fits installed hp laserjet 2300	The part number you will need is J6057A, I hope this helps you.
difference hp jetdirect 620n j7934auus j7934aaba	I don't think there is a significant difference in the card. There are retail or boxed versions that are significantly more expensive than getting the JetDirect card by itself. The difference is software and support are provided for the retail boxed version. You can download the software and get the card to work if you have a technical background. I see that HP is requiring a serial number to download some drivers, firmware, and software. I hope this is helpful.
know latest firmware pci compliant	The version of firmware that came on my HP Jetdirect 620n is V.29.12 and V.29.20 is the latest available. Now, I don't know if PCI compliant, but it was very simple to upgrade the firmware using http://h20564.www2.hp.com/hpsc/doc/public/display?docId=emr_na-bpj07429#N100C0
2300	What does 2300 mean?
fast delivered	Processing time 1-2 business days then UPS Ground 2-3 business days.
know cards latest firmware pci compliant	There is really no way to known if the firmware is the latest. If you go to: http://h20564.www2.hp.com/hpsc/swd/public/readIndex? sp4ts.oid=378356&lang=en&lang=en&cc=us&cc=us or HP.com and select [support], the firmwave can be downloaded. I would do this just as a matter of good practice.
plug actually plugs back radio	This plugs into vehicle wiring harness. Wires will thin match new colors on radio pig tail. Wires will need to be connected securely . I soldered mine.
would ethernet jack fit hp 1300 laser jet printer older printer	If you go to this HP support websitehttp://h20566.www2.hp.com/hpsc/doc/public/display?sp4ts.oid=378355&docId=emr_na-c00123732&docLocale=en_US#N1009F, the supported jetdirect card printers are listed. Unfortunately, the 1300 is not listed.
compatible ford ka 2007 radio	Don't know but I know it fits mine call a place that sells audio stuff and then you can verify if it will fit or not
new diy car audiothese apply switching speakers I replacing four speakers 97 f250 built canada thanks	No this is only if you are replacing the stereo deck (cd player) the speakers in that particular truck are wired in with a specific harness. 
fit 1995 f150 pickup	You have to check the fitiment specs
hook m100 plugs 94 ford f150	It hooked up to mine just fine
fit 1993 ford mustang	I have a 94 f350 and used it. I'd imagine it would work for your mustang.
product record older vcr player	I have a vcr/dvd combo unit that records both vcr's & dvd's & and yes these blank dvd's are some of the best medium you can purchase. I get a lot fewer coasters with verbatim than Memorex, tdk, & sony.
dvdr dvdr dvd ram difference different types	When DVD media technology was first developed, the plus (+) and dash (-) formats had different writing/reading specifications. Today, most DVD writers and readers work with no noticeable performance differences between DVD+R and DVD-R disc formats. Check with your manufacturer's suggested DVD format to ensure compatibility - especially with older units. (From Verbatim Website...)
difference verbatim 95102 95098 dvd disks	The first one is of the DVD-R type, while the second one is of the DVD+R type. Functionally, there's no difference between them, as long as your DVD burner can read/write to both types of discs.
download audio books link hp pc onto discs	All right so technically you can burn any type of file into a disc. But you can't place a link on a disc and expect it to work in your CD player.
difference 4x 16x disks	I think it is a different recording speed
amazon says 47 gb disc records 2hrs 116 gb video that&rsquos 2hrs 20mins long disc record entire video	The short answer is yes. The long answer is that you can record up to 2:40:45 using the standard (SP) quality setting. Even using a double layer disk, you can only get about 2 hours and 13 minutes at the high quality (HQ)setting. For most DVDs the SP setting on the 4.7GB disk looks great.
difference branded	really don't know- I use them the same way as other dvd's (DVD, data, read write)- I get verbatim always, never had a problem.. maybe the name 'branded' means 'same ones like before'..:)
dvdr little rw symbol packaging would normally associate 'rewritable' dvdrw	That's a good question which I do not know.
color backs discs like side would write onlabel thanks	Silver I write on disc .no problems
use item palmone t5	The software that came with mine included drivers for the palm one T5 as well as others. It uses the IR to work and can be used in both landscape or portrait mode.
work android phone droid work	I purchased it thinking it would. I was wrong.
keyboard work palm tx	Should. It IS a Universal keyboard, after all.
work kindle fire hd	Does it have blu-tooth ability? If yes, it should.
support bluetooth	No, it doesn't
palm 3169ww universal keyboard way use palm m515	Can you use this keyboard on a Palm Z22
keyboard work nokia n86	ho, it wont Nokia N86 doesn't have an infrared port
color backs discs like side would write onlabel thanks	The side you would not write on or label is shiny silver. The writing side is grey or dull silver
work factory amped 2000 suburban	Yes
fit 2002 silverado lt	It should, it fit my 01 LS
fit 2001 cavalier without onstar	No
want radio hooked music care features work 2004 chevy venture	Idk for sure. If u can find a pic of the back of the package it shld say tho. It sells at Walmart also.
work 96 chevy c 1500 silverado pick	It should
fit 03 chevy impala	I don't kno 4 sure. If u check the back of the package it shld tell u. If u can't find a pic online, try looking for the item at a store like Walmart.
fit 2000 astro	Yes
fit 07 trailblazer ls without bose package	Yes if you have the rights chose harness add your vehicle to the garage setting on the Amazon page where it's shown it will then match up your vehicle to all components
use airplane since wireless keyboard anyone problems using airplane	It uses a signal that should not affect anything on a plane. I think you'd be ok.
fit 2003 chevy tahoe	Go on scoshe website to figure out which harness you need. Then come here and buy it.
scanner used basic plugged home scanner taken car battery operated unti	Yes it could ,but it doesn't come with charger .
pc cloned	hi there.. I have this same scanner.. its great scanner but I have not been able to clone it.. with scan cat that is.. I can program it but it wont read it which is really weird seeing all of the radio shack ones do it just fine.. this scanner is normally cheaper just because of that.. I has a great freq range which is the only reason I still have mine! hope this help your next step my have to contact radio shack them selfs for any other detailed info aboutit
scanner digital	No
fit 2002 lesabre	No
date	Yes it is up to date
camera body take 35mm lens	Yes
scanner ear piece ability cigarette lighter charger access charged via home electrical outlet	yeah it has an ear phone jack and also inside the battery compartment you can switch it from rechargeable batteries to regular depending on what you put in it and yes you can charge it either by wall outlet or car but you have to purchase them from radio shack or something... ebay
lenses take k mount	Yes, the *ist takes K-Mount. An advantage-if you still have lenses for old Pentax film cameras-is that you can use them on the digital Pentaxes. Besides Pentax lenses, other makes with K-mount will fit.
remote work toshiba dvdvcr player model sdv391u player	Yes it works with the dvd player.
remote control work toshiba dvd sdk780	SORRY I CAN'T HELP YOU
need toshiba remote control nb6c8ud remote work	I had purchased this remote control for a Toshiba player and it worked for me.
would first slr digital camera novice need camera takes good macro shots cost fortune	I use the camera several times per week for intra oral photography. It works well for me. I hope this helps. RH
much weigh	About 5lbs. empty. Thank goodness for the wheels:-)
retainer band back slide telescopic handle rolling suitcase piggyback securely piece	I'm not 100% sure about the retainer band on this case, but my husband is able to use the hook/strap feature on his Travelpro carry on size suitcase to attach it and piggyback it.
high handle extend	24 1/2inches:-)
shoot raw format camera I heard gives better results jpeg	I no longer have the Pentax *ist, so I cannot recall exactly what page in the camera's menu settings you need to go. Please check the manual for setting what you shoot in - JPEG, RAW, and/or RAW+. Sounds as if you want to set it to RAW. It is considered to be a step better than just JPEG. 
work toshiba hd dvd player hdd3ku	not sure , also HD DVD players no longer are selling,unless you have an old one, Blue ray is the best choice, however the HD DVD player will play regular DVD' s
telescoping handle removed	No Uts attached
telescoping handle removable want carry	No, the handle isn't removable but you don't have to extend it.
compartments pockets pens &amp like	Yes, it has a pocket long enough to hold folders&#128522;
inside dimensions	I haven't measured it but I would say a long size manila folder shall fit (legal sized paper).
one 19 width	Yes
record video could fit sigma 30mms 14 lens	As far as I know, it is only a still shot camera you would need a video camera as well. The only instance of still and video combo that I have seen is in video cameras, smart phones and tablets. I don't think they have put video in 35mm cameras yet but they're probably working on it,
shutter speedlag time	It's not to bad, but I do wish it was faster. My Nikon 35mm has a faster shutter speed but, I have to wait for the film to develope for that.
wide interior	It is about seven and a half inches wide.
lens buy suggest economical buy	I just picked up a new "gheto cam" (E300) recently and use it manily with an 11-22mm Zuiko I have. I've got the Zukio 50-200mm - not cheap but a great lens. Don't forget that lenses with all Four Thirds cameras (Oly E300 being one) are a 2X FOV factor - that is the 50-200mm performs as a 100-400mm in a 35mm film camera world. For more about lens length vs angle of view see: www.harlos-mfg.de/e-1/brennw/brennw.htm
suggest good auxiliary flash fits hot shoe	I purchased the Olympus flash made for the camera. No issues. It. Has been OK.
usb port	Hi Delores. Sorry, there is no USB port on this model. Regards, David
changing lamp change lamp television	Not hard to do. If you order a new lamp, it will come with instructions. Basically, it involves removing the bottom front panel (snapped on - I forget if there are screws at this point as well) and then unscrewing the lamp from it's mount. Swap the new lamp out (more involved if you bought a bulb-only replacement) and screw it back in. If you're even a little handy, you won't have any problems.
usb port located	I no longer own that TV and don't know the answer.
best antenna get free local channels tv need converter use hdtv antenna tv	Hi Michael K., You can get VHF/UHF supported Antenna for your channels and you don't need any converter for HDTV. Dave
replacement covers someone tell find replacements foam covers go speakers headphones	I found 2" covers here [pkg of 4] from a vendor in Florida. http://www.scansound.com/Headphone-Foam-Earpads-F30.htm
lenses adjustable fstops automated exposure control	You can either use it manually or not it is the dission of the owner
comes item camera body battery charger cap etc	You get two lens, 1 for close ups the other telephoto. Sorry I can't give you the sizes at this time I'm in bed. You also get the photo card and instructions on usage. I've had mine for 3 years now and it takes great pictures. Peggy Lucha
could one please tell long cord	It's about 6ft long
considering purchasing portable radio friend sent headphones towill compatible sony icf s10mk2 amfm	Yes as long as they have a headphone jack. I am not very good with technical names of headphone jacks but here's what I can say. 
noise cancelling anyone suggestion best headphones use noisecancelling even without playing music quiet home tv	Two words....Shure Earbuds, I have the low end ear buds and even they are pricey ($100) but they are WELL worth the price!
compatible amazon kindle fire	Yes
work ipadcomputermp3	Yes just take the adapter off.
work electric guitar amp	If your guitar amp has a 1/8" or 1/4" input for headphones, it will work.
used bounty hunter tracker iv metal detector	Yes. The Bounty Hunter has a 1/4 inch port. These headphones have an 1/8 inch connector, but it also comes with a 1/4 inch adapter. Just screw in the 1/4 inch adapter and you'll be ready to go with your Bounty Hunter.
compatible system used airlines movies	yes thanks
large head maximum diameter fit	I have a large head and the Behringer Headphones fit fine. From bottom of headband to center of ear cups is approximately 6-3/4 inches. I still have about 1 inch clearance from bottom of headband to top of my head. These are some of the most comfortable phones I have ever owned with nice foam cups and surprisingly decent quality.
cable coiled straight connector straight lshaped	straight cable ....connector is L shaped
speakers come jacks plug wall another plug computer buy separately	Yes they plug into the wall and also into the computer . Awesome sound for there size very clear
sell foam ear pad replacements sony mdrnc6 headphones	I don't sell them, but I got 3 pairs for $4 here : http://www.amazon.com/Foam-Cover-Philips-Headphones-2-5-16-Inch/dp/B0040FHB6C/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1376155635&sr=8-1&keywords=sony+mdr+nc6+ear+pads
compatible macbook	Marina, Yes, they will work with a MacBook. But you should know they are not wireless. There is a wire that runs from the speakers to the headphone port on the MacBook. And the speakers need to plug-in to the wall outlet.
would work hp chromebook 14 need special cables	Yes, if the HP Chromebook 14 accepts a RCA stereo connector.
would compatible roth mc4 ipod dock	@ M C......i have these on my computer. they connect with a regular mini jack plug to the audio out of the computer sound card. So if you have an 'audio out' on the ipod dock they should work fine for you. the sound quality is very decent as you would expect from Bose.....not their top of the line but still very good.
come original plastic box	Yes, it came with a black plastic bag for travel.
volumecontrolled	There is no separate volume control on the headphones.
frequency response speakers	Technical specifications on Bose products are not published. Testing conditions and means of measurement can vary from one manufacture to another, and specifications may not present the optimal way for understanding a product's audio quality. Thank you.
many 'slim' jewel cases hold	Mine fits I think 30-32 normal CD cases so if say probably 40-60 of the slim jewel ones
shipping dimensions	I don't remember the package size as they are shipped broken down (have to be snapped together) and I ordered a quantity of five. The package was shipped USPS so they did fit in may mailbox though.
many cds per box	About 30 in the regular jewel case. More if they are in the slim case, and more than that for the folder type case. So, if your collection is a variety of cases, like mine, the snap n store will hold 30-45 CDs. It's a great way to protect your collection!
picture index cd placed storage box would recomend would hold	I don't know what a "picture index" is. A CD in the plastic cover it comes in fits in the box nicely.
plastic paper	It seems they are a super heavy duty cardboard that has a plastic like coating.
help big boxes someone measure height width depth	Snap-N-Store CD Storage Box, 26 CD Cap, 5 1/4" x 14" x 5 3/4", Black Also **Holds 26 CDs in full jewel cases, 60 CDs in slim cases and 165 CDs in CD sleeves
would item accomodate side dvds slim packs cds single sleeves side	I would say no. I don't have any slim packs, but there is just enough room for sleeves with no wiggle room on the side.
dimensions different dvd box vs cd box 1pack vs 2pack	The DVD box holds DVD's in their case as purchased from a store. The CD box is used for holding CD's or DVD's out of case using CD/DVD envelopes with is how I use them.
speakers used turntable directly plugged	In general, no. The output of the turntable's cartridge (the little gadget that is actually in contact with the record) is not strong enough to drive the speakers. Another piece of electronics, called a "preamp", has to go between the two. If the turntable has an integrated preamp then this could be possible.
see 48 standard ports 4 ports right side poe would helpful know	They are for fiber connections
price one 1 box two 2 boxes retailers sell 2pack	1 box..
switch come mounting hardware reviewers stated thanks	Yes it comes with brackets and screws for a standard 19 in rack.
warranty	Standard One Year.
would like know gs748tv4 model could verified looking sticker bottom switch thanks	Yes, the model number should be on the sticker. To verify the model and firmware, you should log into the switch which reveals the model, firmware level and current settings. I don't always rely on a sticker for accurate specs on a unit. Firmware updates are free and can be downloaded from the Netgear support site but upgrading firmware also depends on the model you have.
gs748tv4	Doubtful - I bought a few of these about three years ago and that doesn't appear to be the same model I bought - which was GS748TNA. Fwiw, they're still working.
buy ac adapter	We will have the adapters available around the middle of January, 2014. UPDATE: Adapters are now available.
set go anyone enters gone need remote variety	Once it is set, it will go off when it detects movement. No need for a remote.
put vaultz dividers single width box	Not sure. Ordered the single width box, haven't received it yet.
delay alarm sounds one could punch code deafened	Yes, definitely. I can't remember the exact amount of time it gives you, but I was able to come in the door and put down the groceries in my arms before walking over to disarm it.
hi foolish bought one set lost instructions forgotten code set set new code thanks	On the one page instruction manual it says - "Immediately after inserting the batteries, the desired 4 digit security code must be set, simply press the desired 4 digits on the keypad."
alarm come today's mail location would &gt&gtsense&lt&lt motion best mounted intruder walks directly alarm mounted intruder walks perpendicular alarm meaning alarm would point north south intruder	The front of the alarm is what senses motion and the sensing pattern will be cone shaped (starting at the alarm and getting wider out) so you want that pointing directly at the widest area possible. 
way attach wall	It comes with a screw to put in the wall and you can hang it on the screw. I however, used 3M Command Velcro strips. I wasn't sure exactly where I wanted them mounted. It's heavy duty and works great! You apply a velcro strip to the wall and one to the unit. I can change my mind and remove them any time without any damage to the wall. I would recommend this installation.
opeb back tape sound soften	I think the speaker is just below the sensor on the front. Perhaps that is where you would apply something. I'm still trying to wrap my head around wanting to muffle an alarm. Isn't the point of an alarm to be loud?
adjust volume alarm want scare cat sleeps porch sofa want annoy neighbors	No, there's no volume control. Also, this is made as a home security device, so once the device goes off, it keeps going off until the code is entered ( It beeps when motion is detected, then you have 10s to disarm it.
product says germanfrench plug one spot british plug another spot correct	The one I purchased only had the German/French outlets, the two pronged ones.
used outdoors	No.
work spain safe plug use	Our daughter has used it for her computer in Spain. You still need your normal power supplies to convert. They need to be able to handle the voltage and frequency. Should say 50-60 Hz and 110-230 V on your power supplies.
fit 6 large plugs christmas village piece moving lights transformer plugs	The center of each socket is just under 2 inches from the next socket. If you look at the photo--showing that the grounding pin of a three-prong plug goes perpendicular to the length of the device--you should be able to measure your plugs and know whether they'' fit. 
safe use step transformer american device charging europe	Yes. It also works well with 120-240 volt 50-60 cycle transformers.
I traveling egypt &amp need charge iphone samsumng &amp like technology work need attach convertor	Yes, this will work, you don't need a convertor.
manufacture	China
safety catch neutral earth outlet	There's a switch to turn power to the outlets on or off.
support australian 30 degree pins cannot tell description image clearly	Am not really sure about what is the Australian 30 degrees pins, I google it, I see that and I am very sure that it does support it.
going england &amp scotland us chargers 110240v work us without adapter like surge protector	No, this won't work. The UK uses a different plug type than continental Europe does. You should look for a plug adapter specifically for the UK.
unit compatible windows 7 8 operating systems	I use it with Wind 7 and it works great!!!! the USB interface is universal, and the effects it comes with work with any program that uses the VST protocol.
device easy break like falls wall thief attempts forcefully break alarm still go	this device is normally place within easy reach to access the key pad. With this in mind, burglars are able to smash them , hence deactivating it by force even after triggering the alarm. If someone is around the premises, he or she will be alerted by the alarm . Also the alarm may cause panic for the burglar. It is unlikely to fall from the wall if secured properly.
work mac pro desktop	I have no experience with the card on a MAC. It works fine on a PC.
linux	Windows XP (SP2)* or Windows 2000 (SP4) / Vista SP2 (32Bit , 64 Bit) / Win7 (32Bit , 64 Bit) OS X 10.1.5, 10.2.8, 10.3.8, 10.4, 10.5.1
end cord plug wall outlet germanfrench plug british plug says top	This has a German/French plug. We were in France for two weeks and having this was a life saver! There are very few electrical outlets in the buildings/hotels so this was very nice to have.
laptops anyone know used laptop	Yes, though I wouldn't say the Bose speakers are portable. I have several laptops which I use on my desk in my home office. The Bose speakers are nice companions to my work and my appetite for music, games, ... etc.
sony de j2011 model cd player fit case	yes indeed!
fit sony cd walkman dej011	Oh, yes! I have had several Tune Belts beginning with a Walkman Cassette/AM/FM radio through this CD player. Always find my Tune Belt to be perfect. Glad you have a Walkman. Other CD players don't play the CD well, and when speed walking or jogging, it would skip all over the place.
many inches belt strapand sipper pocket inside front belt thank	The total length of the belt is 34 inches - no inside pocket
item fit sony cd walkmandej017ck	Have a RCA personal CD player that slips into the pouch easily. Don't know your Walkman. Carrier is made from stretchy material. Has flap that folds down and secures with Velcro.
need powered sub woofer system necessary	Yes you do! But depend on what are you going to do with it. I had this original for my PC. I gotta say, they are quite nice on playing battlefield 3. All the surrounding were amazing. And it has some low base humming. However, I bought a cheap sub after I moved it to my living room and hooked to a tv for watching movie. It really depend on what kind of receiver you have. However, if you do plan to bring your friends home and have a great movie beer night, the sub is a must
product come cables received know cable order	Any speaker wires will do. Kind of depends how long of a run the cables need to be but 16 gauge should work. No special connections needed but again depends on your receiver. I used what are called banana clip connections but just wrapping the wire around the terminals should work. The wire should have two colors so you can connect the positive terminal on the speaker to the positive terminal on the receiver. PS. Very good speakers but you should also buy a woofer the complete the set.
dimensions speaker	L/R 8.25w x 9.75d x 33t Center 16w x 6.5d x 6t Rears 6w x 6.5d x 9.75t (rounded to nearest 1/4")
really confused &amp energy classic 51 canada able get fluance&acirc&reg avhtb &amp sub $310 energy 400tax	Fluance is great. I as well was looking between the two and I went with fluance. I bought a pioneer 12 power sub and the sound is amazing. Keeps getting better the more I play them.
sorryis zipper pocket inside front bagunder flap	The pocket is closed by velco
case fit 6 x 6 cd player thanks	It should fit; might be a snug fit. I measured the pocket and it's just over 6" wide & tall.
compare jamo 426 able find jamo s426 $220 canada idea	Regretfully, we do not have comparison charts to show how the speakers stand against other brands.
connect computer	You will need amplifiers system and analog to auxiliary cable in order to work. Go with klipse 2.1 computer speakers would be the best option for you if you don't want to spend all that money on amplifier system and such.
height tower speakers	33"
many shots	Indeed, the camera hasn't got a "total number of shots" counter accessible to the user. Mine has nulled the file-numbering three times though, so I know I have over 30 000 shots on it. - It has been semi-retired now for the 5d Mk III, so it will only operate as a backup camera in the future (still working perfectly though)
I nikon user wondering would full frame camera tell canon's	The 1Ds series cameras are full frame (the "s" is for studio), thus the Canon 1Ds MkII is a full frame camera. The 1D and 1Dx series are NOT, they are APS-H size sensors. The 5-series and the 6D are also Full frame. All the rest I am aware of are APS-C size (not full frame). For trivia: the APS-H sensor is a x1.3 tele-factor, the APS-C for the Canons is a x1.6 tele-factor, while it is my understanding the APS-C for Nikon is a x1.5 factor. Hope that helps.
many wat speaker	20-120 watts
tell camera shutter count	63,455
depth center speaker	Just barely over 6.5"
fluance make good sub add system include set	They have an ok sub. Including it would raise the cost. Besides, many people are picky about their subs. Personally, I think there are better subs out there for the money.
device compatible windows vista open clamshell packaging anyone know work windows vista	I would assume you found out by now if the unit would work for you? Would be nice to hear if it worked for you.
cf ultra ii extreme iii also recognize newer cf ultra ii cf extreme iii cards	There are only two types of CF cards, I and II. Ultra II and Extreme III are just trademark names for SanDisk products--fast CF cards, but still just CF cards like any other (same size, shape, etc.). Any CF Type I/II reader will recognise and work with any Ultra II/Extreme III CF card.
support large sd cards size sd card support	According to the SanDisk website, this will support SDHC card formats. You can get the full set of specifications from the SanDisk site at: http://www.sandisk.com/Products/Item(1151)-SDDR-99-A15-SanDisk_ImageMate_5In1_ReaderWriter.aspx
information reader support memory stick pro duo cards	I see that it supports Memory stick pro but i'm not sure about the duo. However I did find that another card reader from Sandisk does support the duo. Here the amazon link.
cord included shows cord	Yes.
xd type h cards reader compatible type h xd cards	According to Sandisk website, yes.
could tell actual actuation	8 frames per second
support 2gb 4gb sd cards support 2gb 4gb flash cards esp	SanDisk ImageMate 12-in-1 reader/writer supports CF cards up to at least 16GB (higher not tested yet).
copying pc photos back sandisk flash card looking move files pc back sandisk flash card put digital picture frame device allow write sandisk flash card task	RE: I am looking to move the files from my PC back to the Sandisk Flash Card to put in a digital picture frame will this device allow me to write to the sandisk flash card and do this task? See this post is real old, but here goes (Info may help someone else) Confused about "will this device allow me to write to the sandisk flash card and do this task? " EG: I am looking to move the files from my PC back to the Sandisk Flash Card to put in a digital picture frame.
computer dunce need device transfer pictures old cell phone sim card pc mac work	This is totally awesome and very easy to use.
windows 7 smartmedia card 64mb fuji film camera would like download onto computer work specifications	It should. It has a smart media slot.
long usb cable provided hi able plug cable back usb port pc	about 6 inches
12 1 usb reader part 209003103 useable 2gb cards	I have a Memory Stick Pro Duo, 2 gb for my Sony camera, and it works well. I don't know if it is the part number you have indicated as I have ordered several types. If I have the 12 in 1, it might be the one my daughter uses, and I don't have here right now. 
vista compatible seems like good thingand sandisk's newer products seem bebut one vista compatible	Yes it is, I am using one with Vista. No drivers required. I don't know about the "Button Application" because I prefer to use Windows Explorer or the command-line and haven't installed it.
hooking external hard drive anybody know hook card reader directly external hard drive	Only if you external hard drive has a USB slave connection (the drive acts like a host), if the drive has a compatible, native driver and and user interface to instruct it to copy from the card/reader to the drive.
connected tv stereo system need	i have tryed connecting it to a stereo and computer and it worked
wires module speakers vol pod reasonably long 10year old creative 3 series picture shelfwhere creative speakers longwired vol podis 2 feet behind 2 feet laptop	the cables are long enough that the Subwoofer is on floor off to side of my desk, and the wires to the control pod and the two desktop speakers come up behind my desk without any issues
support 4gb extreme sandisk wonder reader suuports sandisk extreme iii 4gb compact flash card	Yes it does.
microsd microsd minisd	microSD is smaller than miniSD. You can read/write to microSD cards with the 12-in-1 ImageMate reader/writer if you use a microSD to miniSD adapter or microSD to SD adapter. At least one of these adapters usually comes with the microSD card.
conencted tv phone	The entire system connects thru a single 3.5mm plug , just like a set of headphones
recently purchased amazon get versions speakers small stands one pictured look smaller	The stands are removable.
many watts per speaker system cannot find info	Sorry I don't remember, I think Bose tries to keep it secret. Bright, crisp, clear, sound. Very loud w/o distortion, great system. Base is sufficient but doesn't thump.
good hook macbook pro	They hookup via a 3.5mm headphone jack... So they work w most anything including your 1989 Sony Walkman
bose work australia 240v	If your asking will a US version work in Australia I would say no. Mine does not have a switch to use any other power source then 120volt 60hz. Bose does indicate a International version that supports your voltage and I would recommend buying that model. Also you realize that a US/Canada version would have no warranty in Australia?
hook tv	Yes you can, you can have them conected to your computer and the tv at the same time.
take video using macro flash nikon camera	I don't think it will work. It is made for strobe firing not constant running.
bought sigma em 140 dg canon eos year ago mistake work pentax k10	If it is not for Pentax, you can not use. Since new Added for Pentax, please consider
use flash eos 600d 105mm macro lens together appreciate answer soon posible thank	It should work fine with that setup. It comes with adapter rings for 55mm and 62mm filter mounts. If your lens has a different filter size then you'll also need the correct Sigma adapter for that size.
hi includes 55mm adapter ring nikon d3100 need buy apart	My unit came with a nice padded carry case and a variety of adapter rings. I would ask the vendor if this is included in their package.
hi compatible nikon d3100	Yes, Sigma makes a Nikon EM-140DG version of this ring flash -- make sure to buy the Nikon version and not the Canon version. It is a good ring flash for macro (closeup) photography and compatible with the Nikon electronics. RS
cf ultra ii extreme iii also recognize newer cf ultra ii cf extreme iii cards	This is more of a clarification, because I don't have a definite answer. CF Type I and Type II are identical, except for thickness (3.3 and 5mm respectively). 
would work pentax k10d	It should work with the proper adapter ring.
made &x200b&x200ba mistake order camera canon bought sigma em140 dg macro ring flash nikon exist problem	Yes you will have a problem. You need the correct model of flash. The connections to the cameras are different
take video using macro flash nikon camera	I don't think it will work. It is made for strobe firing not constant running.
aditional adapter ring adapt 67 lenses	Yes, you will need the additional adapter ring.
bought sigma em 140 dg canon eos year ago mistake work pentax k10	If it is not for Pentax, you can not use. Since new Added for Pentax, please consider
use flash eos 600d 105mm macro lens together appreciate answer soon posible thank	It should work fine with that setup. It comes with adapter rings for 55mm and 62mm filter mounts. If your lens has a different filter size then you'll also need the correct Sigma adapter for that size.
hi includes 55mm adapter ring nikon d3100 need buy apart	My unit came with a nice padded carry case and a variety of adapter rings. I would ask the vendor if this is included in their package.
hi compatible nikon d3100	Yes, Sigma makes a Nikon EM-140DG version of this ring flash -- make sure to buy the Nikon version and not the Canon version. It is a good ring flash for macro (closeup) photography and compatible with the Nikon electronics. RS
would work pentax k10d	It should work with the proper adapter ring.
difference sigma em140 dg macro ring flash canon sigma em140 dg macro ring flash nikon	An external flash must "communicate" with the camera to which it is attached to fire properly. One of these is configured to operate with certain Canon cameras, and the other is configured to operate with certain Nikon cameras.
difference sigma em140 dg macro ring flash canon sigma em140 dg macro ring flash nikon	An external flash must "communicate" with the camera to which it is attached to fire properly. One of these is configured to operate with certain Canon cameras, and the other is configured to operate with certain Nikon cameras.
aditional adapter ring adapt 67 lenses	Yes, you will need the additional adapter ring.
made &x200b&x200ba mistake order camera canon bought sigma em140 dg macro ring flash nikon exist problem	Yes you will have a problem. You need the correct model of flash. The connections to the cameras are different
take video using macro flash nikon camera	I don't think it will work. It is made for strobe firing not constant running.
bought sigma em 140 dg canon eos year ago mistake work pentax k10	If it is not for Pentax, you can not use. Since new Added for Pentax, please consider
use flash eos 600d 105mm macro lens together appreciate answer soon posible thank	It should work fine with that setup. It comes with adapter rings for 55mm and 62mm filter mounts. If your lens has a different filter size then you'll also need the correct Sigma adapter for that size.
hi includes 55mm adapter ring nikon d3100 need buy apart	My unit came with a nice padded carry case and a variety of adapter rings. I would ask the vendor if this is included in their package.
hi compatible nikon d3100	Yes, Sigma makes a Nikon EM-140DG version of this ring flash -- make sure to buy the Nikon version and not the Canon version. It is a good ring flash for macro (closeup) photography and compatible with the Nikon electronics. RS
ring flash work rebel t3	The manual that came with my Sigma EM-140DG says it is compatible with "all type (sic) of EOS cameras."
ring flash work rebel t3	The manual that came with my Sigma EM-140DG says it is compatible with "all type (sic) of EOS cameras."
made &x200b&x200ba mistake order camera canon bought sigma em140 dg macro ring flash nikon exist problem	Yes you will have a problem. You need the correct model of flash. The connections to the cameras are different
difference sigma em140 dg macro ring flash canon sigma em140 dg macro ring flash nikon	An external flash must "communicate" with the camera to which it is attached to fire properly. One of these is configured to operate with certain Canon cameras, and the other is configured to operate with certain Nikon cameras.
aditional adapter ring adapt 67 lenses	Yes, you will need the additional adapter ring.
take video using macro flash nikon camera	I don't think it will work. It is made for strobe firing not constant running.
bought sigma em 140 dg canon eos year ago mistake work pentax k10	If it is not for Pentax, you can not use. Since new Added for Pentax, please consider
would work pentax k10d	It should work with the proper adapter ring.
ring flash work rebel t3	The manual that came with my Sigma EM-140DG says it is compatible with "all type (sic) of EOS cameras."
use flash eos 600d 105mm macro lens together appreciate answer soon posible thank	It should work fine with that setup. It comes with adapter rings for 55mm and 62mm filter mounts. If your lens has a different filter size then you'll also need the correct Sigma adapter for that size.
ring flash work rebel t3	The manual that came with my Sigma EM-140DG says it is compatible with "all type (sic) of EOS cameras."
made &x200b&x200ba mistake order camera canon bought sigma em140 dg macro ring flash nikon exist problem	Yes you will have a problem. You need the correct model of flash. The connections to the cameras are different
would work pentax k10d	It should work with the proper adapter ring.
aditional adapter ring adapt 67 lenses	Yes, you will need the additional adapter ring.
difference sigma em140 dg macro ring flash canon sigma em140 dg macro ring flash nikon	An external flash must "communicate" with the camera to which it is attached to fire properly. One of these is configured to operate with certain Canon cameras, and the other is configured to operate with certain Nikon cameras.
work nikon d5200	not sure, it will probably hook up to the camera, but as far as working, I really don't know. What I can tell you is it didn't work with the D-3000.
nikon d60 d3300 work	It will work only on a tripod, it is manual and to get it into focus is a lot of struggling. It is very front heavy and this is why you need the tripod. Other than that is will work for taking distance if you are not in a hurry.
anyone know work nikon d50	Yes it will for with the Nikon D50. It is a manual lens..
hi includes 55mm adapter ring nikon d3100 need buy apart	My unit came with a nice padded carry case and a variety of adapter rings. I would ask the vendor if this is included in their package.
hi compatible nikon d3100	Yes, Sigma makes a Nikon EM-140DG version of this ring flash -- make sure to buy the Nikon version and not the Canon version. It is a good ring flash for macro (closeup) photography and compatible with the Nikon electronics. RS
anyone use ideapad yoga pro 2 capacitive screen looking something draw simple annotations music arrows etc	If a finger will work, this will work!
style evertouch recommend	I don't know I can't use that one on my device. Sorry.
use lense nikon d80 use nikon d80	I bought this lense for my Nikon D90 along with the approriate adapter. I have been exceptionally pleased and only bought it after several months of research visiting and participating in a number of user forums and finally finding it used on Amazone for $200 plus shipping.
work previous generation	Not sure if other generations were all the same size. It fits my kindle fire 7" perfectly
stylus work well kindle fire's I liking read seen mentioned ipad thanks advance	 I have used it with a Kindle Fire HD 7" (just bought), an Ipad (first generation) & on my Huawei phone (android - jelly bean) - it worked smoothly on all three devices. All of my Boxwave stylus have worked on various devices.
kindle 1st 2nd generation fit	Yes
find kindle hd 2012 2013 fit either one	you will have to figure out when the kindle was purchased to determine the appropriate screen saver. I ordered the wrong one, had to cut it down. 
says kindle fire hd 70 2013 70 hd model	no it wasn't. I had to cut it some to make it fit but it still worked fine. Yes I am using it and yes it's still way better then some of the others and still no bubbles!
got mail slightly big new kindle fire hd ordered day see people problem	is your kindle fire HD 8.9 that's what this is for. it will not work for smaller kindle fire HD
applied space camera	Yes no issue at all
clean screen protector	I put a little eyeglass cleaner on a handkerchief if it's real dirty otherwise just wipe it with a clean cloth.
dose fit case	Yes. I have used several different cases. The screen saver is ultra thin.. like a piece of paper. It works well.
need remove current clear screen cover put screen cover put one original one	Not sure this helps, but: I put the BoxWave cover directly on the phone, and the put my "Body Glove" case on top of that. The Body Glove also has a screen cover, so that's two covers -- and the touch capability works fine.
work rebel xti anyone know certain works canon rebel xti	Yes, the Rebel XTi will accept both compact flash type 1 and 2 discs.
lens work nikon d5100 please explain camera needs set ie totaly manual auto focus etc thanks jim	It will work with the D5100, but it is totally manual.
card canon rebel xt card work canon rebel xt	Yes, it does. I own a: Canon Digital Rebel XT 8MP Digital SLR Camera with EF-S 18-55mm f3.5-5.6 Lens (Black) and bought a "SanDisk ULTRA II HIGH PERFORMANCE 4GB (SDCFH-4096-901" for it, and so far it has worked great. Bought both, the camera and card, back in October of 2007. I have been able take many pics at the highest resolution. Regarding your second questions, the 2GB would be enough, but I think it's better to have the extra capacity.
hi 10 ok shipping new zealand	Yes, and yes.
card work nikon d1x	It should work with any item that requires a compact flash disk. I use it in a Marantz digital recorder.
card work eos d60 6 mp camera	I can't say I know for sure. But if the camera uses this type of card.there's no reason why it should not work. By the way the card works well in my old Canon G 1.very good speed for the price.
card work nikon d70	It works in any camera that uses a CompactFlash I assume. Check your manual for sure.
work rebel 300d	My camera was bought @ 2005-6 & is a Canon Rebel XT 350D. Check your manual for sure but if your camera is from that era, CompactFlash was the storage media at that time. With the newer cameras everything has gone micro. That's why I bought 2 so I would have an extra since I do not intend to buy a newer camera.
hello everyone card defective apparently way recover photos	DON'T KNOW.
could please let know shipping charges romania europe also manufactured 2013	Thank you for your inquiry! If you provide an address with the city and zip code we can provide a shipping estimate for you! This item was not manufactured in 2013, but in 2008. Let us know if you have any additional questions!
used nikon 3200	Yes, I the 3100 and 3200 have the same size mount and I know it works with the nikon 3100. There is even a Youtbe video showing the results from the 3100. Make sure you order the NIKON version of the scope. I have had mine for a long time now. The only issue I had with it is. i had to tighten up the tiny screws at the end where the camera mounts with a tiny screw driver. Search Opteka 650-1300mm Nikon 3100 on youtube Have fun
card reader may use transfer pictures card pc	Just make sure that your card fits the slot in the reader. Take your card to the store with you or rely on the card reader specifics to identify compatibility.
work canon rebel xti	Newer Rebels will use an SD card, but the xti model uses a CF card like this one. I used this exact card with my xti and it worked fine.
work nikon d70	Yes, it should. I used the Canon 20D, and always saved both raw and normal in the largest setting possible. I never had problems with this card, despite the fact that I was using a less than new camera. 2004, 8.2 Megapixel, Absolutely wonderful.
looking following sandisk ultra 8 gig 30 mbs compact flash need 30 mbs 50 60	thank you your question, yes I have some Sandisk 8Gb 30Mg/s. thank you.
work canon eos 40d	Yes, this is in fact the camera I use. Works great with plenty of storage.
readyboost compatible	So sorry to say I don't know what Ready Boost is. They work well in my Canon EOS 40 D.
grade b	I've not found one bad one out of all of them - grade A
able write silver top layer disk marker	Yes
difference betw &amp sandisk ultra 8gb compact flash memory card 50mbs cheaper	only difference is the speed (30Mb vs 50MB)
I used 52x taiyo yudens burn cds 8x seem rated paper labels burn imac itunes best quality music	The slower you burn the disks the less jitter and the better the audio quality. So burn at the slowest speed you can use with your software. Cd's for music are 52X. Dvd's are 8X.
compatibility wcanon rebel eos xt1 card fit canon rebel	I'm no camera expert but my son-in-law is a semi-professional photographer and uses a Canon (not sure its a rebel) but if your camera calls for using compact flash memory, you should be able to use any size capacity (GB rating) card. The physical size of the card is no different if 1 GB or 64GB. The only limitation would be if there is a maximum size card -- in terms of its GB capacity -- that might be recommended by Canon for your particular model.
work lightscribe thanks	No. The white ones can be printed on though. You have to buy disks that say lightscribe on the package.
cds white inkjet silver title say	Mine were white
sorry question wrong tascam require music cdr meant like pioneer others require music cdrs	Hmm...I can't see the original question, though the link asked if I could answer it. :) I'm *guessing* you own an audio component that records music....I have a Sony machine and it requires CD-R "music" discs, and will not work with "regular" CD-Rs. 
could burn photos many	Yes, you can burn photos to the CDs. The number of images depends upon the size of your files. How large are your photo files?
please excuse ignorance cdr discs work music recorders tascam computers	Yeas they will work just fine. Awesome quality CD's, thick and non transparent compared to the cheap ones.
access aviation band advertised description &amp aviation band 118138 mhz	The one I ordered only receives AM and FM no aviation band. Kaito may have other radios that do.
show dvdr category dvdr	Hi Jonathan, That's a difficult one to answer. We don't have much control over how Amazon categorizes items. I'm guessing something in the title set off some type of flag. I'll submit to Amazon for review. Thanks for the feedback! Frank
presets station selections	No, there are no presets. The radio is very small but the sound is very good. Reception in my location has been also very good.
country	I do not see buttons for country. There are only buttons for setting an alarm and time, and a scroll wheel for tuning from what I can see.
cds white inkjet silver title say	I bought 3 stacks. They are all white.
radio sleep timer setting	No, it doesn't.
charger builtin plug back replace canon sure shot camera	Built in plug yes. But you need to find out the exact model of your camera a d match it up to the models listed got this charger to know if it will Work
work canon powershot sd 1100 camera	I really don't know as I have the Canon PowerShot ELPH 100 HS but the charger is exactly like the one that came with my camera. It works perfectly. If this helps, the back of the charger says "Canon BATTERY CHARGER CB-2LV; INPUT: 100V-240V AC 50//60Hz 0.1A(100V)-0.06A(240V) OUTPUT:4.2V ----0.65A. 
outside us need converter adapter use charger middle east	I'm not sure about the Middle East, but I used this charger with just an adapter in Europe. It is rated from 110 to 220 volts, so if the voltage where you are going is within that range, all you need is an adapter.
would anyone know charger works charge battery comes canon 160 mega pixel 5xoptical zlom power shot a2300	No. NB-11L is the charger that you'll need.
listen without antenna extendedradio pocket walking set headphones plugged act antenna	for am the antenna does not have to be extended
u use headphones radio	Yes I it has a ear bud or head phone jack. Great radio!
work eos rebel xs	Nope.
charger work canon pc 1475 camera nb8l battery looks like one many versions thanks	You will need a Canon CB-2LA Charger for a NB-8L battery.
charger canon power shot a4000	Yes
charger work canon power shot elph 150is	No
work powershot sd1000 digital elph	Yes, that is the camera I have and this charger is the same as the one that came with my camera.
country	I wouldn't buy it. It's not even worth $10.. Not at all what I expected.
order charger see plug plug come charger	Turn it over and the plugs lift up
battery charger compatible canon powershot sd 400 digital elph	Probably but I'm not sure. I have a SD1000. But I had an older ELPH before that (not sure what model) and it had the same charger.
compatible powershot sd1000	Sorry, I can not tell you, I have the SD 400 and works well with mine. I googled SD 1000 and it does list the battery NB-4L..Best I can do for you
compatible power shot sd40	Sorry ... I have no idea. I just know it matches my other battery and works in my Power Shot SD780 iS. Try the Canon site for batteries for you SD40 and see if the numbers match up, or, check your present battery for numbers to match up. Good luck.
compatable powershot elph 300	Yes, it's compatible . . .
want make sure battery work sd1400is	I don't know since I don't have one.
compatible powershot sd300	I'm sorry, but I do not know. All I know is that the seller I dealt with sent me a bad battery and then disappeared.
battery fit canon power shot sd200 camera	I'm not 100% positive, but I THINK it will. If you go to the Canon website and search for your camera, it'll show what battery it takes. You can also call Canon and ask for the info, then check it against this battery. And you can check the battery that came with your camera for the info.
battery use sx280 hs	Sorry, I don't know. I use an NB4L in my Canon Digital Revio XTI SLR and my Canon Optura 400 and 500 Vid cams.
work canon sd1200is	You need to look online for the specifications on your Canon SD1200is. Then look up the battery recommended for your Canon--that second site on the battery should tell you which models the battery will work with. That's how I determined that this battery would work on my camera. Also, don't go for the cheapest model battery--they are often knockoffs that don't last long. You are looking for the authentic battery for your Canon.
work pa688	what is a p-a688 ?
work gf450k7	I googled this question and this was the result from Teac Manuel download. It works for yours and mine which is the R550USB. I had your model but had to replace and was sent new model because the one you have and I used to have has been discontinued. I googled and found this out. I hope this is what you are looking for. I love these machines. Prolonged use of a worn-out stylus may damage the record. Wear and tear on the stylus ... The replacement stylus for this GF-450K7 is a STL-103
needle work fisher turntable player	I am not sure but I really don't think so. Try asking Fisher tech support.
anyone provide copy operating instructions	This is model is no longer in production. If you send email to info@kaitousa.com , I will send you the pdf. Thanks. Kaito Customer Care Team
description says ssb frequency says 1712999mhz mean I shall I able listen ham amateur radio broadcasters	Yes, its a little tricky. for 10 meters for example you have to press enter and then the frequency and enter again. The SSB feature allows you to listen to both SSB and CW. It works great The dial on the side works well for fine tuning
tuning ssb goes 1 khz steps seems shall never able get clear voice 1 khz steps	Yes. The dial on the side of the unit is an analog tuning dial. It allows you to bring in the voice in upper or lower sideband.
description says silver picture black possible get black	I can't speak for current availability, but I got my first 1102 in black. Looks nice too.
radio work batteries come ac adaptor	Yes to both. It will also recharge rechargeable batteries.
fm sw portable radios brand fm sw portable radios gets best receptionof weak stations fm	The Sangean DT-200V and Sangean DT-400W are both excellent on the am/fm bands
radio wall plug	Yes, it does.
need instruction manual	You are right---one came with my radio---as well as a"simple operating guide". If you do not have these call----1-866-524-8676 or go to www.kaitousa.com. HOPE THIS HELPS---- Thanks--Kirk Maxwell
grundig yacht boy 205 kaito ka1107 photo conflicts product description	Hi I believe a Kaito Radio. Might have been a good radio but the one I got had NO FM. I returned it.
go sd1000	Yes. NB-4L is compatible with Canon SD1000. I had a SD1000 too and purchased this battery. Only that even before I could use it, my camera got stolen. :(
radio ssb	SSB stands for? Will have to ck and see,this purchase was a gift.
model work worth money	Me Interesa saber si este modelo tiene buena recepcion en onda corta o debo tomar otra opcion gracias
hi interested kaito ka1107 world band amfm shortwave radio live miami fl radio gets centralamerican radios	This radio can receive broadcasts from Central America under the right conditions. Shortwave reception is best after dark, and in the winter, away from electrical equipment, and outside of buildings made of steel and concrete. There are many stations in that region broadcasting around 5 and 6 megahertz. Visit the library, or search online for Latin American Shortwave Broadcasts.
mixed reviews confuse pen work intuos 3 tablet cintiq	YES, works with mine :)
pen work intuos 4 medium tablet	It will not. Intuos 3 and 4 are not compatible. "The pens for Intuos1, Intuos2, Intuos3 and Intuos4 are not interchangeable. Intuos4 supports only Intuos4 input devices such as the Intuos4 Grip Pen, Intuos4 Mouse, etc. Similarly, Intuos4 input devices cannot be used with non-Intuos4 tablets." Source: http://www.wacom-asia.com/aptky/607/pen.htm
anyone know stylus works lenovo helix thank	PCA. No, they only work with Wacom tablets....in fact this particular unit only works with the Intros 3 RC
pen selling classic grip version I confused customer reviews	I believe this one is the classic version. Which also is a grip pen but not to be confused with the newer version grip pen. I accidentally got the newer one and it wasn't compatible. I use a Cintiq 21UX.
use canon 6d	If They have a Canon mount, and I believe they do, it should work.
would lens work canon eos rebel t1i eos 500d	Yes this lens works with any EOS Canon model as long as it has the proper EOS mount. There are other mounts such as Nikon, Sigma, and so forth. So make sure this lens has the Canon EOS mount
lens work canon eos rebel 5ti	I assume it will, but I cannot swear to it. Ask Tamron.
use pen ipad air	The pen needs to be used with the Wacom Intuos3 pen tablet that is connected via USB to a computer. So you cannot use the pen directly on the iPad Air screen, but if you have a docking station that has USB ports, then you should be able to connect and use the Wacom tablet with your iPad.
lens fit full frame canon 5d mkiii	Yes, this is a full frame EOS lens.
use canon 5d mark 2	Yes
bought lens fit canon rebel t3i need mount lens work camera	I think your camera takes a Canon EF mount lens and this is an IF Mount lens.
use pentax kx	The lens works fine on my Nikon D3100 camera with one exception; it does not auto-focus (which I know) and I am having trouble getting landscape photos in focus.
lens work canon eos 40d work auto mode eos 40d	This is an EOS mount lens. Consequently, it will work with any of the Canon EOS model cameras. As to mode, it should still function as an AF unless of course you disable the AF. I've used this lens on my older EOS 30D and 7D cameras. Tamron makes some good glass, and this lens is a great all-purpose lens.
working 5d mariii lens show full image cropped	Full image this lens is for an EF mount rather than EF-S which is the cropped sensor mount
work nikon d7100	Yes, if you buy the Tamron with the Nikon Mount.
work nikon d3000	Autofocus not supported by Nikon D 3000
work nikon d80 nikon d5200 thanks	The photo shows that Amazon does not seem like my TAMRON AF 28-300mm for SONY (purchased in 2013) but I know that a TAMRON AF 28-300mm 2013 model works with a NIKON D5200, D5300 ... I do not know if it works a D80. My equipment is Sony ... Be sure to buy the model directed to NIKON ... Good luck!
work nikon d5100	No, That lens requires a motor in the body to AF, so it won't AF with a D5100.
apsc sensor crop factor actually increase magnification 15 given focal length crops image 15	Neither, so far as I know. rd
nikon d70 appears tamron work camera related question autofocus d70 drive lens vs manual op	I have a D90 and don't know enough to say definitively about yours, but the autofocus DOES work with the Tamron & my D90. 
d5100 I worried af manual lens work	My Tamron 28-300 is for Pentax mount and not the current model. The Nikon mount should work fine with a D5100. I always try to download and read the manual befor I make a significant purchase. That way I am not blindsided by a feature or limitation. Bill
works cintiq tablets correct	No I don't think so....mine works an Introus 3.....better that you communicate with Wacom.....I've had many tablets and pens....and they are all different....Make sure they are compatible with your situation. RC
filter thread size	62mm
dos lens take 62mm filter	Yes!
work canon eos 50d	Yes it works, since you do not forget to specify the brand of your camera at the time of purchase. There is a newer model of Tamron (also 28-300) that has the "VC" (Vibration Compensation) function. According to the Tamron, in some models of the EOS series VC function may not work (Canon EOS1D) but your model is not listed as incompatible.
lens work nikon d3300	Yes, but at the time of purchase, you specify the target mark (NIKON). But in Nikon3300 with DX sensor work with the focal length of 46-630mm. Good luck.
switch located	There's a small three position switch box wired into the circuit at the end of a cable.
mounted room's window draw air powered 12v 500ma wall wart run 1 2 &amp use 3way switches	It's a horrible idea to use this fan to get air into a room to be honest. This is simply a computer fan, and the dust and dirt it will pull it from outside will ruin itself. 
good pull fan 120mm cpu heat sink right	I would think so. I don't remember where I put this on mine but I use various versions of this fan for all the fans in my computer. Should work just fine.
good case coolin	Yes Id say so. I use them to cool amps on an amp rack and they move a lot of air
fan quiet	Yes
installed front case currently two three speed fans knob turn change speed	Yeah, I had fans that used a knob on the front of my Antec case. These won't use a knob though, they have a little switch on a wire for changing the speed, I just pull them out to change it, it isn't too hard.
much power use 12vdc	Just like all computer fans, it's DC12. :)
desired disable led functionality fan speeds corresponding cfm noise actually want within reason tia	I don't think the LED can be disabled. The speeds are 1200, 1600 and 2000 RPM. I have 2 of these and they are fairly quiet at full speed. My 80MM seems louder.
know fan speed setting use particular machine example I replacing 92mm 875 cfm rear cooling case fan delta electronics loud especially htpc home theater pc plan using nexus	In your case.. using it as a rear case fan, use the molex connector, not the 3 pin one.. &lt;unless you want to monitor the fans RPM's via the MB&gt; As for the setting.
plug fan 3 pin connection motherboard get system fan warning plug power supply molex connection would use connections	The BIOS usually allows you to adjust the setting so that there will be no system fan warning. Don't use both. I like to use the molex and set the switch to low or medium so that there is constant cooling
3 4 pin	I did not buy the fan with the LED. It was 3 speed so it may have the same connections. Mine had a 3 pin connector. I understand a 3 pin fan will plug into a 4 pin connector. The 4th pin is not used. 
3 speed fan switch work 3 pin connection	I hooked the fan up to a molex plug but I don't see why it wouldn't work using the 3 pin connector. My side fan is connected directly to my mobo using the 3 pin connector and works just fine.
possible wire fan work 12v wall outlet power cord old cell phone charger someone please explain	I would say it is possible. If it was me I would just cut off the plugs. Strip the wires, then solder and shrink wrap to insulate. Of course the amp rating of the power adapter needs to be a little higher than what the fan needs. 
easy connect fan directly power supply select one 3 speeds manually using switch 3 pin connection	It's very easy, you just need to find a spare molex power connector on your power supply.
fan 12v	Yes it is 12V
supply voltage	12 VDC. Hope this helps.
many cfm fan move settings	I bought the 120mm Antec Tricool Air Flow: 39CFM at 1200rpm; 56CFM at 1600rpm; 79CFM at 2000rpm...Looking at the 92mm Antec Tricool it would be 21CFM at 1200rpm;28CFM at 1600RPM; and 38CFM at 2200RPM.
ddb standard lighted whats db rating fans	I don't know , but i think ddb Double Ball Bearing the Fan Came with 3-speed switch Fan Speed : 1200/1600/2000 rpm (avg.)(at average rpm) SIZE Volumetric Airflow: 39/56/79 CFM Acoustic Noise : 25/28/30 dBA
dose run wall outlet usb	You plug it into the interior of your computer - the motherboard if I remember correctly, but perhaps the case power supply.
long cable inches	First, this is the best fan I've ever installed. As far as the cable length? Well, I'm not sure exactly since I've installed it some time ago. However, I have a very large desktop case, installed two of these fans without any worrys of cable length. Sorry I couldn't help more.
dose run	I have not hookup this fan up as of yet, it is a backup fan for a piece of equipment that hasn't gone out yet. I can not help just yet
kind connector fan use molex 34 pin	it has a 3 pin with an adapter already plugged in to it with the big 4 pin for power . so if you want to use the 3 pin just un plug the adapter
computer 92 mm 38 mm thick fan cpu 36ghzp4 4 connectors big molex kind mobo 3 work	Sorry really not familar with the CPU -probably would if you hard wired to you connectors-or get a cheap 12v transformer-try GW-boutique- sure couldn't beat the price if you can't get it to work- just think of the fun you will have experimenting.
refering back ot post 3 gb ones work 6gb ports	if you're talking about the SATA speed ports, I have mine plugged into a SATA 6GB port and not a problem
movie backup would necessary buy	The roku uses programs like Netflix and Hulu to stream TV shows and movies; therefore, there is no need for you to store them locally. If you were to purchase 500 - 1000 movies and episodes from amazon or iTunes and download them, you would need more than a 1 TB drive.
replacement hard drive dell optiplex 330	I used this drive in my E-Machines desk top computer, I'm sure it would work in most any computer (not laptops) that use the serial drive interface. I'm very happy with it.
amazon packaging seagate drives want make sure get working undamaged product open box anyone attest change amazon's packaging	No they have not. I just received a 500GB Seagate today. The packaging is completely defective. The drive itself was in a cardboard box with extremely flimsy inner dividers that were suppose to "suspend" the drive in the middle.
hello looking seagate barracuda 720012 st3500418as 500gb firmware cc38 thanks	Sorry but i dont have that at the moment
connecting cables seagate barracuda 720011 connectable al newer internal hard drives	As long as you use data connector cable
work ps4ps3	No this is a formatted pic hdd. You may be able to attempt an external hook up with it but not an internal swap. I'd do some Google searching though I'm not sure if this one will work externally due to its size.
ship next day 11215	If you paid before 5:00pm EST time (12/02/2014) and choice express shipping, we can let it arrive to NY 11215 to tomorrow. UltraElectron, Inc. 1-718-701-1585
hard disk hot plugable	Yes, it is hot swappable.
compatible hp proliant 350 g4p	Both of these questions are on the same drive.. The 350964-B22 / 404701-001 / 351126-001 all the same item and work in the G4 series.. You bet.
I living spain europe could send	Hi Luis, As of now, we -- GoGet Computers -- only ship domestically within the United States. Perhaps another vendor will be able to assist you in international sales however. -- GoGet Computers
hello would like see picture like comes sides understand comes electronic complete	yes if you like I can sent you the picture personaliy
newunused drive	The one I received was new.
drive come caddy	yes
come vented bezel plate	Hi Steven, mine came with vented case-just pluged in
compatible model proliant dl380	Only HP DL380 Gen 2, 3 & 4. The HP DL380 G5, 6, 7 and 8 are all different.. I hope this helps answer your question.. Scott All Computer Parts
socalled width screen overall size	Sorry but I don't remember
headphones tv headphone jack	No. Sorry it does not have a headphone jack.
get remote sony 36 inch trinitron crt lost mine universals program model kd36	Ebay.com
image says tapes perform 80160gb listing says the'll 160320gb work 160320 despite box	I have only used them at 80/160.
product says 1 pack multiple tapes pack purchasing 1 tape cartridge	The "1PK" says to me that it's a single tape cartridge.
cannot charge mp3 player using	this is another version of this transmitter that also charges your audio device: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FOC83S hope that helps
many	Hi 5 brand new factory sealed ( total of 5 tapes) We ship the same day payment received. Thank you Regards
reviews seem hit miss anyone anything say product particular price worth even	Well, I have no complaints...I leave the transmitter plugged it as it's the only thing I use in my car's ciggarette lighter port. I supposed if I had to switch it out for say, a cell phone charger or something, I might have torn the transmitter up by now.
works los angeles la peeps work los angeles	OK, so this is a really old post right now, but maybe someone is looking for the information. Any FM transmitter in LA is going to be so-so. There are simply so many FM stations in LA that it's hard to use a transmitter without interference. If you are driving in your car there will be several times where you will need to fidgit with the settings. It can get really annoying. So, will it work? Probably. Will it be stable or enjoyable? Probably not.
missing fusecap spring anyone know findorder parts	Kelly, Did you ever get a reply? I have the same problem.
work sony walkman anyone tell unit works sony walkman mp3 player	i'm pretty sure it works with anything that has an audio jack for headphones.
iriver aft100 charge ipod	Nope, sure won't. It plugs into the headphone jack, not the dock connector. I know because I have this model and an iPod touch. Any other model of iPod is also going to work the same way.
work portable cassette player use transmitter portable cassette player mp3	Yes, this will work with anything that has a headphone jack.
creative vision anyone ever used creative vision	yes, I use it with my Vision M and it works great. I thought it was an excellent buy.
get one speaker two price shown	Yes they sell as a pair.....
8 ohm rated	Yes, the Fluance Bipolar speakers are rated 8 Ohm.
speaker dimensions	11" x 10 1/2" and because they fire at two angles they make ideal rear speakers for Dolby Digital home theater.
mount cannot find pic back	They have a small, relatively flat metal bracket on the back. The bracket is about 3 inches wide, has a internal gap (between the inside of the bracket and the wood of the speaker of about 1/4 inch, and has a couple of small holes that could sit on a couple of screws.
rca connections	Gold-plated binding post designed for banana plug connectors and speaker wire compatibility
accurate frequency range use 4 def tech 450's need wall mount speaker running separate amp 71 surroundhelp	Impedance 8 ohms: Sensitivity 85 +- 3db: Power Handling 20 - 100 watts: Frequency Response 130Hz to 20,000Hz
long break period	You shouldn't notice much difference in sound from when these are new and after they have played for a couple thousand hours... These are surround speakers so should be either the rear or side speakers which get very little use. Effect speakers in general see under 5% of what the front sound stage will see... I have never seen any proof that speakers needed to "break in", hook them up and enjoy...
new pair mounted wall sides [nice] advice compatible 'front' surround spkr's [have polk center channel &amp sub]	I have a pair of BIC America Venturi DV-64's I bought on Amazon in early 2012 that I use with mine. Here's a link: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00011KLOI/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 I think they sound great together.
size woofer	It is 5" http://www.fluance.com/product/SX6_High_Definition_Two_way_Bookshelf_Loudspeakers.eng-12.html
price pair	Yes its for a pair.
anyone given speakers direct comparison pioneer bs22 bookshelfs similar pricesize many reviews raving	Yes, I have compared the two. I returned the Fluance SX6's, and kept the Pioneer BS22's. The Fluance's were very dynamic, and sounded great playing trance or other electronic music, but the Pioneers have a warmer mellower sound that I really like for the long haul.
shall use front spekaers addition floor standing polk r7 speakers	The only speakers you should have in the front of your theater are- Front left, right, and center. These speakers are well suited for your surround speakers in a 5.x setup. Di, bi, omni, etc pole speakers are made for effect speakers. 
go 71 system left right back left back right	They can be used as side or rear speakers.
speakers volume control	No.
bought hook klipsch promedia system wondering though disconnect promedia satelites plug	Sure, especially if the impedance is the same.
connect speakers directly turntable	Absolutely not. You'll need a receiver or a power amp of some sort. (And no, not an iPod.)
come speaker wire	It does not. But speaker wire is relatively inexpensive.
put cd stereo also play cassettes	Hello Melodica, We do believe there may be some confusion here. These are bookshelf speakers that connect to a stereo system. There are no components to play cassettes or other media. You would have to have a playback device and connect the speakers to that.
miss important thing ohm impedance4 8 ohmes	8 ohms
work optoma hd26	Works with my Optoma hd66 very adjustable
know intended could mount used mount speaker wall screw posts	Not really, unless the speaker has threaded mounting holes tapped into the speaker shell. More than likely you'd have to jerry rig something between the speaker and this mounting bracket.
anyone using mount jvc rs20	It's ok. I needed something like this because I needed to mount my Epson projector at the top of the back wall as I have cathedral ceilings in my media room and I didn't want to get in to having to cut in to the cathedral ceiling. You need to tighten the brackets really well or they don't hold very well.
work epson 2030 concrete ceiling	It works fine with an Epson cinema 730. As long as you use proper concrete expansion nuts it should be fine. I replaced the original philips screws with hex heads and the base covered them without difficulty.
mount 12 drop close ceiling projector mounted looking minimal drop flush mounting	The base (bottom) of the projetor where the mount screws into will be 3.75" from the ceiling.
use mount wall ceiling need drill install plain old screwdriver set work	I wall mounted it at the very top of the wall so that I could screw into the top plate. The room that I installed it in had a cathedral ceiling and I didn't want to ceiling mount.
work benq 1070	It worked perfectly with my 1080 and it's universal
whole 51 system set 4 ohms able use surrounds considering 8ohm speakers yam rxv477 rcvr pioneer ajones	Absolutely. There might be an efficiency difference between the speakers, however, most 5.1 or 7.1 systems allow you to adjust the offset volume, which only needs to be completed once. If you are simply using these as a set of stereo speakers it want even matter.
one reviewer said projector fan cause mount vibrate bit anyone else noted problem effect image quality	I have zero vibration coming from my projector as I would expect from any projector of quality, but I can also say it would still take some seriously violent vibration to shake my mount. I could damn near hang from it. 
one says asus asus t100 would like try stylus	I don't know if it works on a Asus T100. However it does work on my iPad, Kindle fire and Samsung galaxy phone. As far as I know it works on all touchscreen devices. Hope this helps. It's a great stylus.
length stylus	the stylus itself is 5" including the mesh tip - I am very happy with this unit -
battery compatible casio exilim exz77	According to this user's Guide, it is: http://support.casio.com/storage/en/manual/pdf/EN/001/EXZ77_EN.pdf
stylus fit holder ipad2 case got ampen stylus fat fit holder	Yes. It's about the size of a pen.
battery work casio exilim ex2850	Yes it does and works great!
battery work casio exilim72	I bought this battery and use it in my Casio Exilm 7.2. It has worked fine
exilim np 40 37v 1230mah battery work samsung wb350f camera	No it will not work. You need Samsung SLB-10A battery for that camera.
work casio exilim ex275 camera	Yes for the z75 right
battery work casio exlim 1000 series	Unfortunately, no it does not work in my camera. I thought my battery was bad that is why I ordered a new one but it does not work either. So I am not sure if it is my camera or if the new battery doesn't work (probably my camera).
battery right camara thius battery work camara	according to the casio site, yes.
well work kindle fire	Bought 2 for my mom, work perfect. She had tried several others first. She has trouble w her hands & it has been no trouble. The price was fair too. All around a +.
tried charging np 20 lithium battery red light keeps flashing instead steadyis working	If you are using an external charger to charge the NP-20, you should read the documentation for that device. If you are charging the NP-20 while it is in the camera ( Casio Exilim with the camera in the cradle ), the light should be on solid Red and then turn green when charging is complete. 
battery charge camera	U need the separate charger
np20 battery battery work exs500	Ive just tried this now, hooking the NP20 battery to a 9 volt and it appears to be working for me, with the light staying on. Fingers crossed.
record disc instead tape	Not unless you add an external recorder.
video software works bet tape camera	I would think any video software. I use Final Cut X, a vast improvement to HD. But you can use Premier as suggested below or any free editing software you can find online. Hope this helps.
type device sony hdrfx1 3ccdhdv record tape memory stick	Hdv record tape
record tapes	Yes
camera use sd card	Nope. It uses MINI DV TAPE
buy separate flash light green screen	Yes you needed to have a separate lighting system for this Sonyy HDR-FX1. -Ely
able record pal instead ntsc thanks	Hi, apparently this Sony High Definition Camcorder is an NTSC system-based camcorder. It doesn't shoot PAL video system. -Ely
used live streaming recording time	Yes
comes charger wire cable	The one I received The Audio Outlet did NOT Work... for my wireless microphone
many different brands amazon power supply difference vendors	I can't really define the differences. I do like mine and feel comfortable using it. I mostly use it in a constant current mode in working with LEDs.
want use articulate arm hide manually projector ceilling tight much screw articulate	technically yes, however it won't be able to hold any position until the screw is tightened fully. also, depending on how many degrees of freedom you want, you might need to loosen and tighten several screws for each adjustment.
work well final cut pro 6 component output xlr	Hi Barry -- I am not sure. I got it as a gift for someone, sorry! When it arrived, it was a very nice camera though.
barrow size 21 mm x 55 mm double checking one reviews said 21 x 50	These are "Concentric Barrel Plugs"...He wants a type "M" barrel plug (which has 5.5mm OD & 2.1mm ID).
works 240 volt outlet countrys	Yes you can input 240V. Check here for data sheet, http://www.jameco.com/Jameco/Products/ProdDS/301938.pdf
work motorola mbp36 baby monitor says 6v 500 back unit looks like select 6v sure	This unit will load up to 1.5amp at 10 watts-At 6v you will have more than enough current to satisfy the 500ma-I have bought several of these power supplies for a couple of different custom projects.
need adaptor input ac 120v 60hz 35ma output dc 48v 250ma would product work	I am an electronics geek so here it goes. I don't know what u mean about the ma input but you can use any standard wall outlet. This unit is great and puts out a very stable 300ma at 3, 4.5, 6, 7.5, 9, and 12v DC. If you need 4.8v 5v is the closest it would get.
used replace 3v dc 200ma output ac adaptor	I would certainly think it could. Here are specs taken from Velleman site: Specifications supply voltage: 100 ~ 230V AC 15% power: 10W efficiency: &gt; 80% output voltages: 3, 4.5, 6, 7.5, 9, 12V DC output current: 800mA (regulated) / 1.5A max. plugs: 2.5mm mono, 3.5mm mono, 1.0x3.0mm, 1.35x3.5mm, 1.7x4.0mm, 2.1x5.0mm, 2.5x5.5mm, 1.5x5.5mm dimensions: 2.6" x 1.1" x 2.9" weight: 3.0 oz Regards, Stan
use 10v dc supply 10v	No 10V.
ul certification	Not to my knowledge . Now I'm rethinking my purchase .
device suitable external hard drives kind require ac power ones powered solely usb plug	This is a 9volt DC power supply, rated at 1.5 amps. As long as know that the power requirements of the external hard drive are less than 1.5 amps, it should work. You have to match the plug and polarity to use it. This is very important. Incidentally cable is 5 foot long.
take tl12 tl16 banana plugs	This power supply uses the standard old banana plug that has been around for 80 years. I do not believe that either of the miniature plugs will work.
purchased scythe slip stream sy1225sl12m fan use vent aquarium canopy rated 412v 26a would supply work	Yes, it should work. The adapter has a maximum output of 1.5A, which is quite adequate to power the fan motor. The adapter comes with a variety of connectors, so there should be one that fits the input jack on the fan, unless the jack is non-standard.
amp push four speakers	Not without loss of sound quality at higher levels
plug mp3 player right amp cooler radio	If you have an MP3 player out to RCA in... It is possible. I would not recommend it though. It is always best to have a deck between the MP3 and the Amp as the Deck is designed to interface with the amp
ihome need 5v outlet	No it has 12,9,7.5,6,4.5,3 volt
plug iphone directly amp need head unit	Yes you can. You need a Phono to RCA cord to make it happen. Obviously you need to hook the amp up the normal way to make it happen other than the stereo connection. If you want the iPod to control both inputs you will also need 2 of the RCA splitters 1 female to 2 male to split the signal for both inputs. Good luck.
unit drive 4 speakers subwoofer would sub wired would bridge across channels 3 4	i have 4 - tower speakers on my boat on 1 & 2 and bridged 3 & 4 for the sub
amy issues heat want istall truck	Dude...I installed this on my boat where it's exposed to temperatures over 100 ALL the TIME. This thing is straight up GREAT! Excellent quality
color	Grey like a dish network satellite bracket.
diameter pole	The winegard has a 1 1/2 " inside diameter and 1 5/8 " outside diameter, but the antenna itself has a 1 " diameter, total mismatch.
universal mount 1 12 tube tv antenna designed 1 id tube put two together expected could mount antenna directly universal mount	Hi RAS: It's been over a year since I installed mine, but I vaguely remember a similar concern. As I remember, I also expected a tight fit like a sleeve over the antenna fitting, but then I realized that the U-bolts are what really holds the two parts together (via the bracket, which is firmly attached to the antenna). 
pole come cap cover top hole	No it does not.
pretty large soffit hang far stick exterior wall	From the bracket to the bend it was about 12 inches. I mounted mine on the facia board so didn't have to worry about clearing overhang.
antenna female 1 inch mount extender mate mount antenna would like raise several feet	At a guess a male to male adapter. I got one at radio shack
mount directly side exterior wall come bolts tar strips	It could be mounted to the side of the wall, you will have to provide the hardware, screws to wood walls and some plugs and screws in case of concrete walls.
anyone mounted winegard fl6550a flatwave air outdoor hdtv antenna without hssle	Yes but I had to go to the local hardware store and get lag bolts
work outdoor omnidirectional fm antenna stellar labs	Ok, Not sure this will help you out or not.. the 17 1/2" diameter antenna will be roughly 8" from the center of mounting pole. I can't get to mine to measure if this would have clearnce if mounted on a flat vertical wall with out being up past the roof line.
mount narrow enough attached 4 inch wide flat surface	I do not believe 4" surface would be sufficient
use pc windows 8	Why are people answering these questions with statements like "I don't know?" How is that helpful to anyone? If you don't know then don't answer the question!
set timer record tv programs away	Depends on included software. However, one of the best DVRs there is, is Windows Media Center which is included in most versions of Windows. The one included in Win7 and Win8 is best version.
want watch tv pc work hd	No, this appears to be for Standard Definition (SD) only. Look for a hybrid model that works with ATSC and NTSC if you want High Definition (HD).
hook vcr record tv programs	no need to. The sabrent has a built in dvr to record tv shows.
lap top computer acer windows 7 work one	Yes.... But, You must have windows update with windows update in control panel....
tell device pos neg centered adapters indicate way attach cable	You have to look near socket on device, or on original AC Adapter. On the Velleman PS, it's clear how to connect adapters for center positive, etc.
use cable attached coaxial cable plugged usb pc svideo option available	You can change options on the Honestech TVR panel. Please click on the TV button. Maybe you have to click on the properties button to do some settings. I hope this helps
use conjunction rca f connector adapter play capture atari video game system	I'm going to guess... yes. Because that's all analog stuff and US (old) standard.
display line 21 closed captioning analog composite svideo inputs &amp record mpeg2 cea708 digital format	Honestly i am not sure what this tuner can do, Simply because i couldn't get it to do anything at all . And this isn't a common problem for me, i can usually work most devices , sorry i couldn't be more helpful .
use play 3ds	No
phillipines ntsc use mylpo window7	This thing didn't even work for me. It isn't compatible with XP or W7. Try finding a better reviewed option. This one might be cheap but the reviews talk for themselves.
need mounting brackets new construction installations ordered separately	No mounting brackets required. There are little clips that swing out and hold the speaker in place when you tighten the screws.
speaker used different rooms need one room	I installed these speakers and loved them, but yes they both need to be in the same room.
connected regular 2 speaker wire	Yes. They have your standard red and black compression tabs like most speakers you're accustomed to.
thick ceiling tile brackets mount planning mounting drop ceiling thin piece plywood support	Yoy would be fine, if memory serves youd have away good inch and a half to mount too.
ohm setting speaker set receiver 4 ohms	Just your receiver
kind warranty get	They have a 1 year warranty. I installed these and two different BIC America's as part of a system around the house. The BIC are far superior for not a lot more money.
anyone use atmos ceiling speakers efective	Pdic80 is suitable for in ceiling applications.
dimensions need cut ceiling install 8 specs mention cutoff 9 38 want sure	There is a template in the box.
hook 300 watt ceiling pyle 1000watt surround sound system	Just like you would any other speaker. The 1000 watts is probably the total output from all speakers. I currently have a 750 watt system and have no problems whatsoever. These are great sounding and looking.
frequency range	It's says 400 but I was pushing a 300 Rockford and the tinsel broke
pair one sub	Just one
resonant frequency estimated range driver	Sorry - I can't answer such technical questions. The individual who fixes my car recommended this to me. You might want to 'Google' it to try to find the answers you're looking for.
powerful would say bass	You fart relatively loud you may be familiar with it's output. Mine blew after six months with a modest little stock amp in my explorer. Went back to the stock paper cone sub and is way better (dvc bose). IMHO this is garbage fond a better one by a reputable company.
wattage	it doesnt have any. its a crossover and its passive so it doesnt boost it just adjust it.
driver single voice coil dual voice coils	they have single. and if or looking for "car" subs go for the 12"s I had 2 in my blazer with a 2000watt power acoustic amp and my god roof..windows were going crazy then bought 2 more and actually messed my sunroof up... but right now I have the 2 8s hooked up to my home and they deffanitly sound amazing if your like me and not only like to hear the bass u will feel it as well and I'm sure the 8"s will sound even better in a car or truck. 
actual crossingover done adjustable restistors used select frequency equal quality fixed crossover	All I can tell you is I have had this crossover multiple times over the last 15 or so years and this time when I first installed it, it worked just fine for the money but it seems like over time it loses it's ability to do it's job and then it just stops. 
whats difference 70volt transformer vs standard	Most home audio equipement can accomodate 4-16 ohm speaker loads (standard if you will). Some comercial audio or highend home installs use amps that have a 70 volt output. 
work nikon d3000	Yes
better use built crossovers amps	This crossover is the best thing that you can use clarion is the way to go.
autofocus d3100	No. Only higher end Nikon's have built in focusing motors in the body, which this lens needs. 3000 series and 5000 series lack this internal motor.
works d90 nikon	yes
work nikon d3100 142mp dslr camera 1855mm vr lens 3 lcd hd video	Lens is standard 4/3, not micro 4/3. Unsure what type of lens Nikon uses. Lens was purchased for Olympus e420 camera.
nikon canon title clearly claims sigma 55200mm f456 dc telephoto zoom lens canon digital slr cameras	Sigma makes similar lenses for several camera manufacturers, including their own. You can buy a Sigma lens for a Sigma, an Olympus, a Nikon, a Canon and so on. Amazon listings are placed by Amazon and by third parties listing on Amazon.
work nikon 1 j 1	The J1 uses a different lens mount (1 mount) so the Nikon F mount lens won't fit without an adapter. I don't recommend fooling with adapters but that's just me. If you had a ton of F mount lenses and got a 1 mount camera and wanted to shoot stars, then maybe. Anyway, you probably want the: Nikon 1 NIKKOR 30-110mm f/3.8-5.6 VR to give you greater range, over this lens. IMHO
lens fit canon eos rebel t3i	No it must say for canon then it will
work canon 5d mark ii	Looks like that one is for Nikon mounts, so I would say no. Try this one instead: http://www.amazon.com/Sigma-55-200mm-Telephoto-Digital-Cameras/dp/B0001VQ12Y/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1392059621&sr=1-1&keywords=sigma+55-200+canon
anyone know grill removed	Yes, it can be removed.
fit canon eos t3i	The lens this question is linked to is a Nikon-fit lens, so that will not fit a Canon camera. The Canon-fit version might: http://www.amazon.com/Sigma-55-200mm-Telephoto-Digital-Cameras/dp/B0001VQ12Y/ref=pd_sim_sbs_p_3. Double-check if you need a focusing motor in the lens or in the camera.
lens compatible canon 600 camera	Sigma makes lenses that will fit all the major brands of cameras, including Canon.
need something basic run nintendo 64 emulator enough	Plenty
card come windows 7 driver	This card will work well in older systems that (only) have an AGP slot on the mother board.
card run two monitors get adapter plug two	My recollection is the card will support a VGA monitor and a TV with an S-video input
work windows aero video card	Yes it does.
put subwoofer box built unbaffled	They need to be in a box .
button raise handset manually	No it will only raise from the button on the headset
plantronics part make two look alike	Roger, What is pictured is the Plantronics HL10 lifter which enables remote call answering. The Plantronics part number is 60961-32. If you are looking for a headset system with the HL10 I would highly suggest the Plantronics CS 50 which is part number 63120-20. I purchase these for our call centers and I have never had a complaint. 
toshiba deskphone dkt2010sd version 1b lot noc2 hl10 work phone plantronics cs540 thanks	This lifter will work the toshiba phone. It has adapter pieces.
get mounting tape backing	My experience with their mounting tape is that it doesn't work well, so I purchased Velcro with an adhesive backing and it works like a charm.
oh pair single	It is single. The quality is decent for the price.
lifter work plantronics cs 55 headset system	Yes it will.
put car see boats boats	I don't see why not, They sound good, I have a 1000 w. amp that pushes these and 6 other 6" speakers. the only thing that makes them different is the material is weather resistant not water proof.
work panasonic kxts4200 phones	Hi bigredsoda - Yes, the HL10 lifter is compatible with your Panasonic KT-TS4200 phone. If you have any other questions, please feel free to contact us directly. Cheers!
plantronics cs 70 nc lifter died one compatible phone	It works great but the sound distorts on high volume not as clear as my older version of this headset but to get the options I needed had to upgrade to this one. 
lifterplantronics hl10 work plantronics cs510 headset system thanks	It appears it will. I even see elsewhere on Amazon where the two come as a set.
listed came compatible plantronics cs530 verify	I think so
used flat screen tv	Yes they can. However, you will need a RCA stereo audio (male) to 3.5mm (female) adapter.
need purchase center speaker find thanks jeremiah	I have one. kahlrichs@hotmail.com
instructions original package available	Instructions are available
many watts	100 watts
straight plug elbow plug	Mine came with a straight plug unfortunately. No idea why... works perfectly otherwise.
get replacement 3 1 cord speakers	ebay
headset microphone speak someone cel phone	Yes! It works well (as long as you don't mind having a wired rather than wirless setup.)
work moto g	if the plug fits,, I do not know why it wouldn't.. but not positive
motorola 25mm mono handsfree headset black product truly motorola reviewers said would like know purchasing thank	This product is as "bootleg" as they come. :)
work xbox 360 controller audio output	It should work perfectly, thats what i do with it, never got muted in call of duty again
set plug iphones tightly	iPhones use a 3.5mm plug. So, no, it shouldn't work
work &amp cordless phone	Yes
work ok wearing eye glasses	I did not have any problems with using these in conjunction with eye glasses, but I think it would probably depend a bit on how thick the legs to the frames are. Mine were quite slim. I absolutely love these headphones, and would personally put up with a bit of awkwardness in order to use them. Fantastic sound for very little cash.
usable riding bicycle wearing helmet	I think it'd depend on the helmet. If the helmet covers any part of the ear (or comes within about a half inch of the ear), it likely wouldn't work. The headphones are a bit bulky.
work verizon lg 25mm phone	I do not know a reason why it wouldn't work with that phone. It should be compatible with all phones with a 2.5mm jacks (except maybe iPhones, because they have controls built into the wires). My mother has been using these for years. I have to get her a new one about every eight months, but she prefers these over some of the more expensive varieties.
anyone use lifetime warranty anyone used warranty get refurbs new ones	Go to the Koss website and look for instructions- fairly easy to find as I recall. You'll pack up your headphones (pack them w. some bubblewrap/newspaper and use a small USPS Priority Mail box), and send them ~ $7 (check the website) for s/h (you may not even need to send that).
would good running	yes, for this reason: they are not noise cancelling phones. you want to hear some of what's going on around you. they can be difficult, or awkward to put on. 
whereabouts volume controlled	The headphones don't control volume - you need to control it on your audio playing device.
fit ski helmet padded ears hold speaker model would recommend wo wire around ear	Definitely... with modification. These are well known for just such an application. Just pop off the ear clips. Depending on your helmet, you may need to slit the fabric to slide them in.
compatible iphone 5	It has a standard 3.5mm stereo plug, so it should work with iPhone 5.
sure wear properly right	I find that if I just try to "clip" these phones on, they do feel insecure. My solution is, I "screw" them onto my ears, so that the arm is firmly anchored between my ear and my skull. To do this: hold the earphone next to and in front of your ear, with the end of the clip pointing at a 45 degree angle. Put the end of the clip right where your ear and skull intersect, then rotate the earphone clockwise, "screwing" the clip into the space between your ears and head. This is actually much easier than this sounds here - I hope it's clear.
use simple tape recorder want thanks	Is the tape recorder using a 2.5 or 3.5mm plug? I would buy a dedicated mic for the tape recorder, this is made for a mic and speaker combo and the recorder may pic up sound from the speaker. So, I'd go with "no" on using it with a tape recorder.
list goods bose 901 series vi active equalizer	this set does not, as it is not mentioned or pictured, that is why the price is less than normal. i will be listing a brand new set soon that is complete with equalizer just as if you ordered straight from bose in a few days though, for a few hundred less than normal.
eq ever shut use	No. The equalizer draws very little power. If your amplifier or receiver has a switched AC outlet that turns off with the power switch, it can be plugged into it to conserve energy.
says walnut photo shows white color	No idea what's up with those white ones. They are actually series 4 901s. They make walnut (real walnut veneer) and black ash (plastic veneer). The walnut are nice cabinets.
use ipad	I believe so my wife uses them with her ipod
apparently new iteration series vi called ver 2 mkii anyone know difference	Hello George: The new version of the 901 Series VI (version 2) was actually released in 2010 and is the current and latest version of the 901 Series VI speaker. The main difference is in the EQ. The change to the 901VI was not performance related, it was driven by the latest European Union directive - EuP (requirements for energy-using products).
speaker surrounds rotted	They do rott badly on the tropics after 5yrs. I got them repaired and replace with cloth surround. And they work beautifully This normal for speakers with form surround.
bought 901's hooked equalizer anything matter tried reconnecting wires nothing changed toggle switches push buttons anything also	I don't mean to be rude, but a make sure it is plugged in first. Next your amp needs the pre amp in/out or other specific in/out rca plugs for it to work properly. If you are plugged into your tape in/out rca's on the amp, you need to press the tape monitor switch on your amp to bring the equ. into the system. Finally it's out on the amp to in on the equ. Mix that up it won't work correctly.
church	The question is "church"? One word question? Are you asking if the Bose 901's would work well in a church venue? There are other Bose products designed for open settings such as convention halls, conference centers, or church.
active equalizer made dual voltage 110240 v	could be. time to call bose in massachusetts. i wouldn't trust my investment in sonic glory to any lesser source.
fit nokia 635 cellphone	These are like any headphones. They have the standard headphone plug.
bose 901 work surround sound config front rear speakers	They were designed for the music Lover and not so much entertainment system. I suppose they could work in that capacity, but remember they have a separate control box that sets in between the amp and the speakers themselves.
adt	again, this product is compatible with ALL MAJOR ALARM COMPANIES. I don't think I'm allowed to mention specific names, but the answer is yes.
work ademco 6150	No, it will not work with a vanilla Ademco 6150 by itself. You would have to have a 6150 AND a wireless module added to your panel. If, however, you have an Ademco 6150RF (which is the 6150 plus the wireless transmitter/receiver built-in), yes it will work, as the 6150RF is compatible with all 58xx-series modules. http://www.security.honeywell.com/hsc/products/intruder-detection-systems/keypad/receivers/21093.html
date codes wireless transmitters	All 5816 work with vista 10,15, 20 and 21ip panels providing you have a 5881 series receiver, or a 6150rf,6152rf,6160rf,or 6162rf key pad which has the receiver built in. I have never really heard of the need for a date code.
anybody know replacement battery number thank	CR123 according to the attached chart. http://library.ademconet.com/MWT/fs2/5816/5800-Wireless-Replacement-Battery-Chart.PDF
honeywell 4816 wireless transmitter comes magnet sensor	Usually New 5816 transmitters come complete ( transmitter / battery / magnet / mounting bracket / screws / mounting tape ) Contact the seller to verify what is included. A used unit most likely will be a la carte.
include contact magnet	No, I don't believe it did, but I didn't need it. There were others that did include the magnet
hi looking 315 mhz version ademco 5816 case	The Ademco 5816 transmitter has a Transmit Frequency of 345MHz Look at the older Ademco wireless for a 315mhz transmitter.
frequency honeywell 5816 sensor transmit	The Ademco 5816 transmitter has a Transmit Frequency of 345MHz
include mounting plate 5816 transmitter	No mounting plate is provided... it actually comes with a two way tape. I put mine on the windows and haven't had a problem and I have had these for approx 2 years and they are still holding on..... I hope this helps...
multiple wave2 sirens connected vista 20p wired serial parallel	Yes parallel
activate siren button siren need signal kind signal	It connects to the alarm panel. Do not try to put 120V to it or it will blow.
possible hook smart outlet switches alarm sensor triggered turns switch turning siren	Absolutely! I hooked it up to a motion sensor light. However you need two things: 1. get a toggle switch to shut off the alarm because it will turn on until the motion sensor warms up. 2. you need to get a dc/ac adaptor so you can plug it into the house current. I made two and they work great.
would work x10 system	No, this is used only with hard wired systems, if you install a x10 or other wireless modules you'll need to go with a wireless device compatible with them.
work well adt wireless alarm home security	Yes it works fine with adt system.
driver thx	Yes. Just supply DC voltage
siren driver	Yes. You just need a power supply.
improved bose 901 series 6 mk2 one purchased new 901's seen improvements sound	I bought new 901 VI's factory direct in November of '09. Nothing on them or the boxes says anything about "Mk2" so maybe they are not the new ones...whatever, they sound great to me! Definitely better than the Series IV's I had back in the 70's. 
hello want know technical characteristics product especially dimensions thanks	http://www.security.honeywell.com/hsc/products/intruder-detection-systems/Sounding-Devices/wave-indoor-sounder/21674.html this web page should answer your questions.
ia thi serries 6	i don't even understand the question , if indeed it's a question.
pair zwave controller example micasaverde	It only pair coded with honeywell control units, and the controller is able to upgrade with a z-wave adapter to interact with every z-wave technology
list goods bose 901 series vi active equalizer	What list of goods?
would best speaker wires buy bose 901s also need speaker wire connectors thanks	I like the Phoenix Gold 12 ga. wire sold here on Amazon. Better off w/o connectors. Just wrap the bare wire around the post at least 1.5 turns.
speakers include equalizer	No,I had to buy one from ebay
use temporary 9v battery operated system want rig office moving crates since movers sticky fingers	No. The 9V battery does not have the ability to drive the sounder.
best place buy hardware hang 901s	we bought the black metal stands that are for sale on amazon and they work great.just the right height too.
matter wire thing get loud buzzing sound cannot tell difference think received bad unit	When I switched the wiring on mine it made a different noise, so yeah, you probably have a bad unit
work fujitsu mhv2040aha6 hard drive	Hi Connor.....as long as both are IDE then it should work OK. I did a bit of research on both the Sabrent and the fujitsu drive model you posted and it appears it is also an IDE. It worked fine with my old WD 40GB 2.5 IDE HD that I used in the enclosure to transfer work I did at home to my office computer, and vise versa for several years. HTH
hi would min wattage nec drive 901 series vi kenwood ka701 rated 80wpc enough great sound low levels ty	I think that would be enough. The first stereo I had mine hooked up to was 100 watts/channel and they sounded fine. The main thing is to have the tape in/out or equalizer connections for the processor.
many gb drive	It is a connection and a case. You take out your old laptop drive and insert. It's a handy product for re-using old laptop drives or for transferring information from an old laptop drive.
25 ide ssd work case	Sorry, I don't know
enclosure fit drive 95mm thick	Yes, the laptop hard drive I used is 9.5mm as are most laptop hard drives.
2 usb ports raspberry pi enough power connect external power supply one connectors	Mine only has one USB port. Power and data are through a single USB cable. Sounds like you would be better off with a unit that comes with an external power supply. More of an opinion than a proven fact. Good luck.
need connect 2 usb ports	You need the 2 ports to power the HDD. Depends on your hard drive model only one port may not be enough.
good cable 901s	Spend the extra money to get top of the line coax cables with heavy casing to protect from electrical interference. Check out cables.com for good prices.
compatible windows 81	Short answer: yes. Long answer: It's a very standardized interface supported in almost any operating system. You should expect this to work as well as a USB flash drive. There may be some slight differences between operating systems, such as whether it powers down when not in use and how long (within a narrow range) it takes to start transferring data. Otherwise you'll have no problems.
work 500 gb hard drive windows 7	The GB's and windows does not matter. It only allows you to retrieve the data that was on the drive. But to be direct yes It will work. One last thing be sure to check if the drive uses a SATA or IDE connection.
work pc running windows 8 need transfer digital video video camera computer work	If Firewire works on your computer already, then adding this hub should be fine. I've used it with Mac OS X and Windows XP on the Mac. I have multiple chained together connecting my Hard Drives, D-VCR, Cable Box and TV... all at the same time.
del dimension e521 6pin connector need something plug usb hub 6pin port work	If you're talking about the 6-pin FireWire connector, you may utilize any of the six ports of this hub. However, you have to use a 6-pin FireWire to USB adapter to connect it to the USB hub.
connect pc usb	This was purchased for a Mac with a FireWire port, which is no longer a way to connect peripherals to a Mac. There are also USB Hubs for USB connections.
compatible window 7	There is no on computer GUI so it's purely an independent external device and compatible with any computer and OS. In fact it doesn't need a computer to work. It simply distributes the 1394 packets without changing them. So long as the computer has a compatible 1394 intrface so any current interface should work just fine.
work firewire 800 convert	If you mean, "Can it be used with an 800=&gt;400 FW convertor?" then, yes, yes it can ... of course, your speed will be 400 ...
fw 400 fw 800 ty	FW 400.
use yo convert mini dv camcorder	It does not do any conversion it simply distributes the signal to multiple ports. If you have a 4 pin mini 1394 to full size cable then that does the conversion and the hub will let you connect another 5 devices. There is no conversion involved as there are only 4 signal carrying wires.
whitebox mean anyone know whitebox refers	I believe it basically means that it comes with just the product in a plain box (normally because it wasnt for retail sale). Depending on the company it may not include the extra pamphlets, instructions, etc...just the product itself.
work standard definition broadcast video	I don't see why it wouildn't! The Firewire ports on the Belkin hub work exactly like an original, motherboard or device Firewire port works, ie they are an exact mirror of the onboard ports in computers and devices.
computer show hard drive enclosure plug usb	Hello April, unfortunately there could be several reasons. To ensure the drive is actually working, can you hear the discs spinning? You should be able to tell if it is there would be a slight hum.
use speaker tv need adapter console hook output tv separate dvd player speaker input	You'll need a female mini headphone to male stereo RCA cable if you wante to connect this to the audio out of your television.
speakers compatible mac anyone know compatible mac g4 ibook	sure, any speaker or headphone with a standard plug will work with your iBook.
anyone know work tm88ii I seen responses 3 4 couple 2's I I would like install	I'm not certain, but I would be hesitant to count it working in a version II printer, but Epson says "The UB-E03 interface is electrically and mechanically compatible with all TM printers, which accept the UB-type interface. Equipped with low-power consumption mode." I think you would be safe buying the card and using it in a vII unit.
epson tmt20ii readyprint compatible	You need to order it with Ethernet i/f. Interface Built-in USB interface + serial, or Ethernet only interface
compatible tmt88iii plug &amp play	I bought as a gift for someone else so I do not know. Sorry.
compatible espson tmu220b model m188b	Yes
hi kit compatible zebra zm400 printer	Hi Mohamed, no this is not compatible with Zebra, this is only compatible with Epson TMU series Printer.
compatible espson tmu220d sure different one question	Yes, that is exactly why I purchased it.. Follow the manufacturer settings for the dip switches. In addition make sure you have the printer drivers. It gets a little tricky. It does work!
hello compatible printer tmu 220pd	Yes, it works perfectly with the Epson TM-U220PD.
grado's amazon's parts &amp labor warranty products especially important given poor workmanship &amp high breakage rate	I had one of the "gimballs" break on my headset... I emailed Grados about the problem w/out even knowing what the name of my problem was (gimball.)
must power drive usb port pclaptop anyone found problem	Not so far... Zero issues for me
compare sr80i difference worth 20$	This is one of those personal experiences where you'd best find a place to audition them for your own perspective, then purchase locally. My son, who has very senitive ears, noticed a bit more presence and definition in quitter passages in the 80i model than the 60i.
earphones used watching tv	Yes, as long as the tv has an eatphone jack. They reproduce sound very well, and are excellent for music.
big really small head actually wear kid's helmet would recommend	I have a fairly small head and they fit with no issue. They were more comfortable after the first few periods of use.
sr 60i sensitivity 98 db mean easy blow speakers heavy bass	Im not an expert, but if you are going to use these cans with your phone or any portable device, well then you will have no problems (you will not have enough power to blow them anyway).... but if you want to amp the sound you might have some difficulties.
good jazz I moving apple earbuds certainly better yeah	Yes
stereo mono headphones thanks	They are stereo. (Just make sure you're listening to a stereo mix.)
sr80i	For the price difference and a light audio improvement..... Why not.
work	The Home Safe EWD-1 contains an infrared sensor that detects temperature changes in the surrounding area. As such, it does not actually respond to motion, but rather changes in heat.
new home safe ewd1 electronic watchdog cannot get unit sense movement outside sense inside movement bark idea wont sense window glass	This product did not work for me. Therefore, returned it.
placed outdoors rain	Unfortunately, definitely not. The system works outdooors but will malfunction sooner or later if exposed to moisture. Larry.
kind dog sound like specific breeds	Sounds like a dog in a tin can...very disappointed. (maybe a German shepherd if it matters) Not realistic or loud enough to sound like a dog is actually there. Sounds distant.
kind dog sound like specific breeds	get a real dog--this thing is not worth it no matter what stupid dog they try to sound like--i returned mine immediately
$86 unit include remote shipment indicate units amazon	I returned the unit because it did not work well and do not remember if it came with a remote
usse 8mm	VHS-c and 8mm are not the same and this adapter won't work for your 8mm tapes. VHS-C is about 12 or 13mm and looks a lot like a squashed VHS tape.
vhsc adapter work 8mm cassettes	It worked but was not the surest way to get it done. I ended up finding a VHS-C camera and playing/recording it from there.
question 8mm video cassettes video 8 also called	Sorry I'm not sure.
bought received meant work ipod adapter allow seem come one	Hey Megan, I have the SR-60i 'phones and use them with both my iPod classic and my iPhone 3S. They did not plug into the Otter Box cover I had over my phone as the plug did not fit in the hole provided. But without the cover, it works fine.
anyone know long stock hookup cord need extension cable I I would like know order one time headphones thanks	It's about six feet long from where the two earbud cords combine all the way to the jack.
hold 8mm tapes	only takes VHSC
mythtv anyone using card mythtv	I am - I have the PVR-500 with the Samsung chip (bought locally, not from Amazon) - and the video quality is crap, very grainy, some channels totally blotchy. However, I've talked to someone else that did get the card from Amazon, with the Philips chip, and it's fine. So if you can guarantee getting the Philips chip, seems you're alright.
work win 7	I have no first hand experience with it on Windows 7, but according to Hauppauge, it should work. http://www.hauppauge.com/site/support/windows7_product_list.html. Good luck. Since Comcast switched to digital cable and require CableCards, I'm using a Ceton InfiniTV4 with Windows 7 Media Center have never looked back. The PVR-500 was a great solution for its time with analog cable and BeyondTV.
compare sr125i's	I have never done a side by side comparison of the two but based on the specifications of each model it's safe to say that the differences would be noticeable. The 225i's are, in my opinion, the single best headphone you can purchase without having to purchase a headphone amplifier. They have a bit more bass than the 225i's yet retain the mid/high soundstage that is so typical of Grado. The upgrade will be in vocals and bass. Basically, I absolutely think it's worth the extra coinage to purchase the 225i's.
compare sr325i blues acoustic guitars sound	depends what you owned previously, I owned SR 80 previously and I went to test both of them before I bought it. my ears trained for SR 80, and when I tested SR 225i , immediately I can hear the difference, mainly in sound staging and bass when I tested SR 325i.
someone recommend case cans link answer would appreciated thanks	Google bro: http://www.audiovideo2go.com/grado-sr-225-headphone-case/?gclid=CjwKEAjwqamhBRDeyKKuuYztxwQSJAA1luvGhMYvy4vuTUZCnoam7sHlCy4RTtq6Cak6nv1nNzv4EhoC4mrw_wcB
listening jazz classical vocaldriven rock compare sr80s	They're better; you're going to get what you pay for. These headphones are a step up from the SR-80s obviously and offer a bit more of a rich, clear sound.
work sony mini dv lp90 cassette	No. They only fit the old vhs-c video tapes
ok maybe dumb question two coaxle connectors one input assume okay 2nd one output	One of the RF is for video/TV, the other is for FM radio.
much weigh	5 oz. plus however much of the cord is being supported by them.
would recommend use heavy metal bass music along amplifier	These are fairly accurate in sound reproduction. If u want a heavy bass sound then get beats
wondering db grado's 125db	Not sure if I am answering your question correctly but it only says "Driver mached DB .1" http://www.gradolabs.com/page_headphones.php?item=7dc9cd9943a15d7462ff0da21ff04a15 It has super crystal clear high and mid sounds that make classical and jazz music sound special in my opinion.
work ipod adapter	It needs the 1/4" plug to 1/8" stereo adapter.
headphones open back design allows sound escape would using office must quiet externally	I was laying in bed with my son waiting for him to go to sleep. My wife walked in and tapped me on the shoulder. I took the headphones off and she said, "you can hear the music clearly, are they supposed to do that?" No, they are not quiet.
work computer screens work comp screens	No. It's "TV-B-Gone," not "Everything-That-Displays-Images-B-Gone."
compared sr60i even sr80i sr60i	They are noticeably more adept to separating instruments from vocals. I would skip these and go straight to the 225i though. They are the sweet spot.
size plug &xff0814 inch &xff1f 18 inch&xff1f &xff09	It's the large size, as in guitar amp, not the small size as in iPhone.
replaceable battery	It has screws on the back, and I believe it's a standard button battery (CR2032 etc, etc) but... you may never need to replace it at all! It has failed to work with a couple of dozen sets I've tried it on (my own, a mix of tubes and flatscreens--plus, while in a couple of stores' electronics depts I pointed it at their walls of TVs with no reaction at all from any).
install codes tv b gone	Connect computer to micro controller then add on codes. Alex, please know this answer came from an 11 year old who has always got me out of trouble! Hope this works for you!!
curiousity power projectors dell projectors polyvision etc	i actually tried this on a benson projector at my work and it doesn't work. just a heads up
gen 6 would like make sure buying latest	I do not know what"generation" it is, but I do know that it works on 99% of the TV'S l have tried it on.
anyone success using action health displays doctors' offices	Yes. It depends on the TV in use.
compare sr225i	I haven't tested out the sr225i's. The sr125i's are by far the best headphones that I have owned. They have an amazing frequency range. I listen to a lot of rock and metal and these are perfect for that type of music. I hope this helps!
need samsung galaxy thing	You dont need this, the TV be gone is a piece of garbage.
perfect gadget passiveaggressive egomaniacs special	There are TVs on EVERYWHERE at this point, and most of the time they're just carrying advertising and crap that nobody is watching. I don't know when we got to the point where people can't be in a room without some kind of screen in their face, but I'm glad there's a way to stop it.
go channel 450 high number channels newer radios thanks	I tried #450 on my radio and it does not pull that number.
turn tv permanently want turn child gets night watches tv	Nope! It only turns the TV off as if you were using a regular remote control unit. It will not disable the TV from being turned back on again manually. When my kids were younger we had the same problem. I installed a common mechanical timer to the TV power supply then hid the unit behind the set with a bunch of other cable boxs etc.
radio come car kit	My kit didn't mine was a replacement. You can buy the kit and radio I believe at Amazon
come charger	No, this listing is for the Radio with its Remote ONLY. If you want the radio with the remote and complete vehicle kit, we have them here: http://goo.gl/QeFbm2.
use 2013 mack truck	Since the SKYFi2 has a wireless transmitter as long as you have a 12v plug in power source and and FM Radio I would think that you can. I would further check on line however just to be certain for your particular application. 
home docking station	Yes
come roof antenna	If you are buying as the kit it comes with the car mounted roof antenna. Additional items in the kit do include mounting hardware, remote and cassette adapter along with auto mounted cradle and power adapter.
whats box	as I recall, it was complete with stand,adapter, and antenna. these older versions were the best because they had a wireless broadcast range of a good 300 feet. New go about 5 feet.
include remote	If you are getting the complete kit, then yes it does include the remote control. The complete kit includes everything you need to get started including the car cradle and mount. 
receiver work skyfi sa10001 boombox	Yes, this will work with The Skyfi SA1001 Boombox and is made for the Skyfi radio. Your remote will also work with the boombox including selection for bass/treble. The Radio can be powered via provided power cord or 6 D Size Batteries. Expect anywhere from 13-18 hours on battery depending on signal strength.
kits $499 amazon selling $3351 lol	There is more than one seller on Amazon for this kit. Look at all the seller options. Thanks
description says two different things top says needs 3 15v aa batteries bottom says 9v battery required one	The one I have uses 3x AA batteries. I'm not sure if there are different models.
super ear amplifier	It amplifies ambient sound through headphones. It's like a hearing aid on steroids.
assembled one need solder assemble	It is a kit and it will need to put together and the parts soldered into place. It is pretty easy just pay attention when you put the mic's on they have to go on a certain way. There are one tab on the side of the case. I hope this will answer your question
schematic available	Dear Robert, Greetings, Yes. The schematic is on the assembly instructions inside the folded Kit cardboard included with your kit. If you don't have it, then I will make a copy for you and send it to your email address. Let me know what it is and I will also let you know some facts and repairs to perform on it.
support 'a la carte' choose stations want $799mo	sorry...i don't know if it will do that
glossy antiglare anyone know	This macbook has an antiglare screen. Glossy macbook has a product # begining with Z0DR. Hope that helps.
much ram update macook	I act. believe 3Gb.
using microsoft office I always pc thinking switching easy use microsoft office including word excel outlook mac email files pc users	Once you get used to the slightly different keyboard, you will love using a Mac for Office. Microsoft Office 2004 for Mac is absolutely compatible with other versions of Office (make sure you have the latest updates installed if you work with Office 2007 (and its new "Microsoft Office Open XML" format files). 
remote access work pc using mac home possible get remote access work pc via macbook order use programs like autodesk 2005 photoshop	i use timbuktu or "microsoft remote desktop for mac" all the time for the past several years to connect to my home windows or mac computers from the road.
type screen macbook pro amazon I wondering wether buy laptop amazon anybody know comes matte glossy screen	Hi Enrique, The Glossy Screen is a build-to-order option from Apple, and is not offered on the retailer model of the MacBook Pro. 
macbook pro heat anyone owns macbook pro hot unit get	 I'm glad you found it useful, but I don't want to be the basis of your buying decision. I have the MBP because I sell software that has to run on a Mac, but I don't think I'd spend my own money on it for personal use.
glossy antiglare anyone know	This macbook has an antiglare screen. Glossy macbook has a product # begining with Z0DR. Hope that helps.
much ram update macook	I act. believe 3Gb.
work new tv's today lcd type	No
struggling mounting microphones soldered tabs board get solder solidly connect mikes tabs	The trick is to make a solid mechanical connection. The microphone elements have a double tab on one side that you can use to bend around the pin you mounted on the board, and you can twist the other tab out a bit to wedge against the other pin. 
power cord come computer	That particular model of Mac mini is no longer offered, but yes, it comes with a power cord. But it does not come with a mouse, keyboard or monitor.
type screen macbook pro amazon I wondering wether buy laptop amazon anybody know comes matte glossy screen	Hi Enrique, The Glossy Screen is a build-to-order option from Apple, and is not offered on the retailer model of the MacBook Pro. If you're not satisfied with a matte screen, you will have to purchase from Apple directly. I was in the same situation, and ended up getting the glossy screen from Apple after I compared the two side-by-side.
best mouse apple mini	Wired- Madcatz Cyber Rat 5 or 7. Wireless- Logitech M510.
else need take pc monitor must apple mouse keyboard	Yes, it will take a pc monitor with the mini's adapter plug which should be provided with the unit. Any key board and mouse with a usb style plug. I BELIEVE that Apple will no longer support the operating system, leopard and the unit itself does not have the capacity to be upgraded.
model's os used current iphone development	Unfortunately no. Doing iOS development requires the developer to have the the latest Mac OSX, if not the latest then only one behind. This model of Mac mini can't run mountain lion or Mavericks. So it is unable to download and install the latest version of Xcode, Apple's IDE.
speaker thing feedback	The speaker is a thin band all along the bottom edge of the Mini. It's adequate -- I'm listening to music right now -- and works best if the Mini is positioned on its side so that the speaker isn't facing into the desk.
using microsoft office I always pc thinking switching easy use microsoft office including word excel outlook mac email files pc users	Once you get used to the slightly different keyboard, you will love using a Mac for Office. Microsoft Office 2004 for Mac is absolutely compatible with other versions of Office (make sure you have the latest updates installed if you work with Office 2007 (and its new "Microsoft Office Open XML" format files).
gonna get mini waiting new model coming anyone say might happen	http://buyersguide.macrumors.com/
questions using hdtv anyone used mac mini living room computer	Upon receipt of my Mac Mini, I immediately hooked it to our Panasonic 32" HDTV. It's a CRT, about 3 years old, with a DVI input. The picture is fuzzy, by computer monitor standards, but usable if all you want to do is watch video. In fact, video quality (using QuickTime) is quite good.
mac mini vs macbook macbook 216 ghz intel core 2 duo processor 1 gb ram 120 gb hard drive 8x superdrive white vs mac mini 20 ghz intel core 2 duo 1 gb ram 120 gb hard drive superdrive want faster computer 16	Yes, depending on but especially if you are running multiple programs.
3rd party monitors mac mini work monitors like samsung 216bw viewsonic va1703wb	Sure will. I have mine plugged into a 20.1" wide screen Dell monitor via the DVI connection. I've also used it connected to my Samsung 1080p LCD TV.
remote access work pc using mac home possible get remote access work pc via macbook order use programs like autodesk 2005 photoshop	i use timbuktu or "microsoft remote desktop for mac" all the time for the past several years to connect to my home windows or mac computers from the road. i use a apple pismo over cellular or wifi on the road everyday. both work fine you can also use vnc or a couple of others i think.
using 1080p hdtv monitor anyone know easily connected 1080p hdtv accurately present hipixel images taken either internet dvd player	i have used mine with an hd tv and it showed everything purfectly
using microsoft office I always pc thinking switching easy use microsoft office including word excel outlook mac email files pc users	Once you get used to the slightly different keyboard, you will love using a Mac for Office. Microsoft Office 2004 for Mac is absolutely compatible with other versions of Office (make sure you have the latest updates installed if you work with Office 2007 (and its new "Microsoft Office Open XML" format files).
glossy antiglare anyone know	This macbook has an antiglare screen. Glossy macbook has a product # begining with Z0DR. Hope that helps.
remote access work pc using mac home possible get remote access work pc via macbook order use programs like autodesk 2005 photoshop	i use timbuktu or "microsoft remote desktop for mac" all the time for the past several years to connect to my home windows or mac computers from the road. i use a apple pismo over cellular or wifi on the road everyday.
type screen macbook pro amazon I wondering wether buy laptop amazon anybody know comes matte glossy screen	Hi Enrique, The Glossy Screen is a build-to-order option from Apple, and is not offered on the retailer model of the MacBook Pro. If you're not satisfied with a matte screen, you will have to purchase from Apple directly. I was in the same situation, and ended up getting the glossy screen from Apple after I compared the two side-by-side.
worth money say yes anyone know pump pressure gauge built	I don't own one, but I've extensively researched it online and "played" with it at BestBuy. If you need a compact, advanced, wireless laptop then I don't see how you could go wrong here. With VMFusion or Paralells, you can even run Windoze on it without rebooting. This is a sweet piece of technology.
received model macbook air amazon anyone received macbook air 133 laptop w18 ghz 80 gb hd yet amazon	FYI - I preordered mine from Apple in the middle of Jan and just received it this week (2/25). So it isn't just Amazon - I have read posts that say some Apple stores have them - but I think that might be false.
road lot think hard buying anyone received macbook air 133 laptop w18 ghz 80 gb hd yet amazon	I'm assuming you're thinking of air travel, "twiddle your thumbs and look out the window"... The solution of course is to use the Magsafe airplane adaptor. Most airlines have empower or regular cigarette style power ports already and some are adding standard AC outlets to their seats. 
college student wireless internet available schools	Hey. I'm a college student myself and here's my two cents. Wireless internet is very much available all over pretty much any campus.
18ssd preorder shipping preordered 117 status changed bodys preorder shipped	Ordered 1.8 SSD on 1/15 and it hasn't shipped yet either. Amazon has shipped both 1.6 models (HDD & SSD), so I'm hoping the 1.8 SSD will ship before the weekend.
much ram update macook	I act. believe 3Gb.
amazon shipping till march	I have emailed and called Amazon, and was told that the March date is only a placeholder, orders should begin shipping sometime next week.
macbook air I got mine first impression	Received our MacBook Air Feb. 4 (ordered directly from Apple). First impressions: 1) Much sturdier than expected. 
13 weeks anyone know actual time takes get one airbooks shipped	If you want to buy from Amazon at $1794, then 1-3 weeks, the "only 1 left in stock" is buying from PowerMax, at $1924.
anyone else receive hard drive macbook air doa	As I said on your review (of a machine you never actually used), I am doubtful that your MacBook Air was really DOA. You seem really uninformed. (For example, the original MacBook Air has a 80 GB hard drive.) The penny-pinching is also indicative of someone who should probably not be in the market for an MBA. It is not a budget computer.
anyone tried staple steps staple ends middle &amp ends along edges	No need to staple. Adheres very well. Two winters and still in place.
macbook air accessories would really use	Buy whatever you will likely need (no matter how infrequently). If you're going to only be needing internet in wi-fi networks, you don't need the extension. Otherwise, it's good to have. You'll need a real CD drive depending on what you're going to do.
presumably product 7635 black vinylrubber type coarsegrit sandpaper type according account history bought last year find home sandpaper type longer box	I haven't looked at it closely enough, but it feels to my fingers like a coarse grit sandpaper.
anyone tried sticking bottom leathersoled dress shoes hold well	No, but that just sounds like a bad idea. It's like sandpaper on the bottom of your shoes. You'll end up scratching floors. They make specific products for leather soled shoes.
anyone used bottom slippery shoes would cheaper option buying griptape special shoes pricier stuff	Have not tried it on bottom of shoes, but can't see why it wouldn't work. Sticks very well. I would just use very little at first to try it.
80gig hdd swappable 64 gig ssd 80 gig swappable 64 prices drop ssds	My guess is yes because Apple uses standard drives in all of their computers. The MBA uses standard 1.8" PATA drives.
stick painted wood	Not for more than a month.
recommend temperature range application	I applied them in June or July, probably should be above 50 degrees
would work make ribbed noslip surface tailgate keeping dogs slipping jumping	Yes it would. I am a fan because it seems to last a long time and helps with footing (or grip). It is longer lasting than skateboard grip tape.
product stay put unpainted treated wood outside need stapled need ramp handicapped person	I have it on untreated steps outside for 4 months to prevent my disabled wife from slipping. We have not gone through the winter, but it has lasted with just the glue all summer and fall.
heat use lap difference 2 models mac air reduce heat	The MacBook Air gets slightly warm in rear mid-section, where the pencil-sized battery is located. You can also feel a little warmth at the top of the keyboard if you seek it out. 
adhere garage floor gets slippery wet	I would guess it would adhere very nicely if the garage floor is clean (no grease/oil) and completely dry when you apply it. I use it outdoors and it stays pretty well attached for many months of rain and snow. I think the adhesive can't stand up to the sun for more than 8 months or so.
I needing anti slip wooden stairs leading sleeping loft grandsons wont fall usually barefooted hurt feet	It's a pretty coarse material so it may scrap a bit, but since you're putting it on stairs there's a good chancesthe won't be running or shuffling their feet so it may be ok. I tested mine out on bare feet and it isn't too bad as long you're not sliding your feet. But boys will be boys so its definitely a toss up.
work ubuntu 1404	I don't know, ray, but I've talked to them before they will happily answer any question and walk you thru stuff..
work windows 7 upgraded xp w7 sound work compatible dell optiplex gx520	I cannot say on Windows 7....my sound did not work either...only got Front L/R and Aux Out and it was not good hifi /CD quality....
use card skype play music two seperate independant channels simultaneously	It will do everything, from what I can tell, that a built-in sound card will do. The sound card on my laptop went out and I bought and used a Sabrent USB sound card as a replacement. It did everything my built-in did, so I imagine the PCI one will do the same. You might ask Sabrent at http://sabrent.com/support/ I'm sure they'll confirm it.
glasses read qr code	No. These are 3D viewing glasses only, they have no input camera.
work garrys mod	Most likely these glasses will not work, PERIOD. When I purchased mine the drivers were over six months out of date with no ETA for updates, and they waited long enough to release new ones that I couldn't get a refund on my purchase. Do not buy from this company!
says plug standard pc mean works pc doesnt support 3d could use external monitor make work	At this point I cannot recommend these glasses over now existing products. I would checkout Nvidia's 3D Vision instead.
manage delete photos sd card using device	yes you can . still usually faster on the product that took the photo, but it does work.
software included important possible setup run slideshow without included software	You just go to the SanDisk.com website and download the correct drivers for the Operating System you are using.
type connection used connect tvmonitor reader eg usb hdmi standard redwhite vga	I typically used a standard mini plug to RCA. The mini plug comes with 3 stripes and links 3 color coded red, white and yellow RCAs. This one does not have HDMI connector from what I know...
power work plug usb pc connected video input tv	we only use on a computer to view pictures from a SD card from a wild game camera. We have never connected to a TV
read sdhc card	Hi. I ended up returning it since the quality of the image was so poor compared with what I was used to.
hello comes f970 battery plate	yes it does
I using canon xa10 considering mounting hot shoe camera tripod weightbalance work	Not sure how you mean to use it but mine is on my Nikon and feels robust and changes the whole dynamics of shooting. Check if it's good on your camera as on a Nikon i's a bit hit and miss as it's not designed for it.
hi hdmi output	I am using a Nikon D3300 DLSR camera which uses mini hmdi out to connect to the monitor. The live view picture quality was not very good. I am having much better live view results using wi-fi, samsung tablet and nikon's wireless moblie utility. However you cannot change camera settings.
monitor hd sdi	No
battery included internal extrenal	External battery
able clearly accurately check focus 1080p camera settings	As I'm using it with a Nikon D7000 the results are erratic at best and not to be trusted. I set the camera at 1080 but the monitor tells me I'm on 720, I set the mode to A and the monitor tells me it's P. Are you using it with a Nikon or Canon?
I getting couple trail cameras view picturesvideos installing sim card camera	thats what i bought it for. don't buy it, i threw it in the garbage.
firmware show battery usage cannot find	No it doesn't
work canon 3ti	As long as it has HDMI input on camera
3d glasses work really old games 3d 2d games normal applications looking getting pair edimensional 3d glasses need know certain work games like star craft original sc2 obviously	Hello, They should show the 2d graphics as 2d- there is not really a way to convert those. For true 3d games and the modeling programs, yes and no. 
long battery last	At least 1-2 Hrs depending how you use it. Pretty decent.
good morning tapes new tape sealed factory come box made	Yes, it is factory sealed.
tapes carry type warranty long warranty	warranty direct from HP. it is brand new in seal. will not accept return or exchange if open and used.
may ask dont ship calgary alberta	We can and will. We have found that many international customers do not understand that they are liable for certain taxes and duties their countries might apply before receiving. With that understanding, we can ship there.
storage capacity memory card highest value memory card used	0 because its junk. don't waste your money
size battery included	it comes with 2040maH battery ,it can last 3-4 hours with full charged . thanks, Joanna VIVITEQ INC
c rw data cartridge mean rewriteble read write thxs	It is a magnetic tape and uses a specific drive mounted in your computer. It is re-writable as much as you need until the tape wears out. I've never worn one out and probably have some tapes which have been 40 times.
hello tapes new ho oem sealed problem shipping venezuela using dhl account	These are not new, but recertified tapes. They go through a 7 step process tpo erase, retension, and verify read/write ability. We can ship to Venezuela on your DHL account.
hello city toulouges postcode 66350 need 10 tapes thank	For 10lto tapes going to Toulouges, France 66350 it would be about $190 UPS World Wide Expedited $200 UPS World Wide Saver $75 FedEx International Economy $80 FedEx International Priority This excludes all taxes and duties required by country of import.
hi ship china	Yes, we can ship to China. We simply need to know the city and postal code, as well as the quantity desired and type of media. From there, we can give you a firm quote.
hello id' like know could ship product france would shipping cost thank	I apologize for the delay in responding. Yes, we can send to France. I would simply need the city and postal code, as well as the number of tapes you are considering and from that i can send you a fairly accurate freight quote.
hi need replace one transformer lighting device wich 5 dichroic bulbs 20 watts one	You will need at least a 100 va transformer. This 30 va one just does not have enough power for 5 20 watt bulbs
secondly two 12v ac dc	AC. You would need a rectifier to convert ac to dc.
voltage take 120v	It has two 120 volt primary windings and two 12 volt secondary windings. I used one to replace a bell transformer. I connected the primary windings in series and connected the secondary windings in series. This minimized the core loss, but, reduced the rating to 15 volt amps; which is plenty for a bell transformer. I have the 120 volt side fused at about 1/8 amp slow blow. See avellindberg.com.
fit pen epl 1 camera	Absolutely NOT! you need an adapter
lens fit evolt e300	Yes, absolutely
fit olympus e450	Yes. Check four-thirds.org for info on lenses and bodies in the standard four-thirds group.
know nothing camera 1442 mm lens 40150mm close photos thanks	Yes, really good inside and out. I'm also a novice in photography.
hi lens micro four thirds camera	Yes, it is 4/3. Good lens, too.
lens work panasonic g5	You'll need a 4/3 to m4/3 adapter. Only AFS mode though.
fit omd em5	No, it will not fit without an adapter. You might as well purchase the one intended for the OMD-D series instead.
lens work canon	No, it will not work. This lens is based on the four-thirds standard, which is not compatible with Canon cameras. There may be some sort of adapter between the 2 standards, but it's probably not worth the effort.
take decent close snap shots soccer goalie either end taken sidelines mid field	From midfield it should be okay.
telescop described accepts 125 eyepieces	According to your description 1.25" eyepieces will not work in your telescope unless your buy a "hybrid" diagonal.
fit meade model rb60 telescope d60mm f700 need eyepiece need know get would like spend lot thank	Indeed, the diagonal mentioned will fit your Meade RB60. That said, this is not an eyepiece - this is a diagonal. This diagnal is designed to redirect the light path from the telescope's lenses to your eyepiece so that the viewing position is comfortable for you. However, it is not an eyepiece (generally used to change the telescope's magnification). I hope this helps.
work meade telescope model 60azd60 mm 24 altazimuth refractin telescope	It should work with any telescope that accepts 1.25" eyepieces.
fit polaris 60eqa 24 60mm equatorial refracting telescope	You will need a 0.965"-to-1.25" Orion Telescope Eyepiece Adapter to make this work. The cost is $22.99 plus tax and shipping.
recepion	This is one of the main reasons I wanted the radio in the first place. I am 23 miles outside of Birmingham and none of my radios could pick up the AM stations I wanted to hear.
radio tune noaa weather frequency frequency typed manually perhaps air band	It can tune in to some air hf signals. No weather tha I am aware of.
reviewers said knob stop working radio still used part breaks eg function w buttons	My knob still works fine after nearly two years of daily use. However I can not think of any functions of the knob that could not be accomplished using the buttons instead if the knob were to stop working. I do use the knob a lot and would be disappointed if it did not function.
see reports volumetuner knob fail goes unit still operated crippled mode	Did you try a system reset?
radio type rubberized finish grundigs thank	No....the radio is plastic except for a thin aluminum face plate.
weather fax	Again 100khz to 30 mhz only. You will need a computer or external decoder which you could link to line out on the radio. OK for casual use not for situations where your life or the lives of others might depend on it.
support frequency 518 khz rtty mode 2200 hz	This radio does indeed tune 518kHz. Punch in 518 on the keypad and then the AM button and you're there. Then turn on the SSB and you'll hear any RTTY transmissions. It has a narrow bandwidth of 4 kHz. It doesn't go any narrower.
kaito external antenna options rock chair listen dxing ssb	Which Kaito external antenna have you tried? A reel-type antenna like the Sangean ANT-60 is probably your best bet, much longer or an amplified antenna would just increase images and intermod.
get news broadcasts sw want world new justin beaver miley cyrus bs cable network news soooo lame	I too lament over what passes as "news" on our domestic media. On the international shortwave bands, you will find many sources for news, but realize that all will be "flavored" to reflect the opinions of the source nation. 
marine ssb	HF yes. Good for casual listening. Would want a better radio if depending on it though.
dont see numbers eyepieces see sr 4mm f125 mm h 25 mm know diameters	Just measure the outside diameter (OD) of the bottom of the eyepiece barrel. Less than 1" it has a 0.965" (24.5 mm) OD; otherwise, it is an 1.25" (31.75 mm) eyepiece.
mention voltage dual voltage item 120v240v	Its 120 very nice and compact I use it every day even on my truck.
unit usb ports connector pictured mislead thinking unit usb ports	I had the same problem.....
use mongolia	I don't know. It's only for voltage as incurred in USA - 120 volts. Will not work for 220 volts. You probably need a product more like this: http://www.amazon.com/Tripshell-International-TR-Adap-BK-Adapter-Protection/dp/B000VMPWFA/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid=1392671977&sr=8-4&keywords=belkin+international+surge+protector
use also treadmill	Yes, you can use it with a treadmill as long as the treadmill will meet the power rating of the surge protector.
work prevent blackout work notebook	No
work austria plugged grounded europe adapter	Hi scifiblues. No, this will only work in the US since it only run on 110 volts.
green red light normal lights green	That's normal, no problem.
fitwork fully e410 body	Yes, it will work on an e-410 body.
block second outlet wall plugged	No, the top outlet is not blocked when plugged into the bottom receptical of the outlet. A great reliable product for home use. The foldin plug makes it good for travel.
clamping voltage travel surge protector	Type3 SPD: Line-Neutral:400volts Line-Ground:500v Neutral-Ground:500v
going use 60 screen tv looked laptop screen going good picture	Absolutly it will work like u cant believe Im sure u well like what u see
support 3d	I have mine connected to a TV on one end, and tested it with a BluRay copy of that blue people movie, forgot the name, but it worked just fine.
gauge cable	I have no Idea. It does not say on the cable. Im using it for a 38" LCD TV in a small Public Access TV Studio. Output from a AJA Ki Pro. Not sure if that helps.
way connect bose home theater speaker system	It has audio out connections on the back. I hooked mine up to my surround sound. It sounds amazing!
headphone jack	No, there is no jack. It also does not have any options to connect to phone/docking station like some of the other models do. It has record player, CD and radio.
way connect ipod iphone play music	NO. It is a radio, cd player and turntable only which is what we wanted and we love it.
long warranty	12 months
complicated hook speaker system need special connectors wireless	You just plug it in and ajust the sound balance
stack records player	No, single record only.
shipping cost western australia	Dear Customer, We ship only within the 48 contiguous states in the USA. However, if you know someone within the United States who would forward the purchased item to you, you can place an order with us and mention the contact's address in the `Ship to' address field.
radio capability accept 'audio in' another device	No it doesn't
cd player work suggestions fix	No, it's works on mine. Sorry!
mp3 hookup also	No
want dish satellite box work control goes sleep mode power everything else	I'm not certain about that. I think the power strip monitors the current draw from the control outlet, and if it drops below a certain amount, it triggers the shut-down.
tv controlling outlet use tv's remote turn tv socket plugged still live	I believe that the TV should remain live, with the ability to turn on or off - it should act normally; anything that is turned off as a result of the TV's state will not be able to be turned on (with or without remote) unless the TV itself has been turned back on, which I think will work normally with a TV remote.
question network phone line protection also separate question 2 ac lines protected 3 ways3line	There are 2 network connections, 1 input and 1 output. The jack is a 'combo' jack that accepts either RJ11 or RJ45 connections.
need kind splitters adapters hook cable laptop 50 tv	Your laptop must have a HDMI output to use this cable. If not, you will need an adapter of some kind. VGA to HDMI or something else that will work with yours.
ship overnight need order 10 today utah tomorrow shipping option let know asap thanks	Unfortunately, we do not offer overnight shipping service.
I unclear use 6 auto switches green respond whatever plugged control outlet blue	The Blue outlet is where you plug in the control unit (PC / TV). The green outlets are where you plug in the devices that uou wantr to turn off or on automatically whenver the main device (pc/tv) is turned on. The red outlets are always on, These are not controlled. Scott
output requirement main switch use light main want use aquarium lightsbubbler	No their is not. It doesn't matter what wattage the device you wish to use as the main (as long as it's not something crazy ie high powered tools, generators etc that will fry the power strip) when you that device is turn the internal circuitry of the power strip will send a response to the other outlets telling them to turn on.
power strip multivoltage meaning work asia 220v	This design was made in China. I am not sure where it was designed, from the following I am guessing designed in China. ETL listed, conforms to certain UL and CSA standards.
actual width descriptions indicates 6 inches wide looks narrower need fit tight space	Lets call it 4 1/4 inches. The box is 6 1/4 inches wide.
happens laptop desktop sleeps everything stay turn	Hello, I don't have it hooked up to a laptop so I am not sure. I have it hooked up to a fume extractor and soldering iron.
everything except ir reciever system purchase ir receiver anywhere	I'm sorry, they stop making the spherex a long time ago and there is no replacements. You are better off selling your system off in parts as spares for those that need parts. Everyone is looking either for the IR receiver or the remote.
purchase remote xbox sphere 51000 51 surround system purchase remote xbox sphere 51000 51 surround system	I still have mine and am going to be buying a Logitech Harmony learning remote. 
one satellites died get replacement	Really Really hard to find,try just buying another speaker and hiding it,amazon has some nice satellite speakers,and they also carry the adapters to hook it up to your subwoofer.
anyone old spherex xbox 51 surround sound system remote would willing sell lost remote would love buy one	ebay
best calibration best calibration settings entire system	Don't know, haven't purchased (yet), but my question is where do you get the mounting posts for the satellite speakers that I've read about in some of the reviews. There is not any information about such an "accessory" on the Mfr's website. Is there a reference sheet provided in the box with the product?
far reach	Not exactly sure, but probably not far. I would recommend just spending the extra 50-100 bucks to invest in a solid linksys/Cisco router
support two xboxs network open nat type	I used to use this with an Xbox 360 and Playststion 3 both linked to the same router. Worked fine. May need to also consult with Xbox support as well.
ps3 anyone experience using router wirelessly play ps3 games online	Did you end up buying this router because I need info for its connectivity for PS3?
work laptop chromebook	Probably, it's a good pair of headphones with the standard jack. It should work.
noise reduction	Hi, The noise reduction is not bad. It is better than the foam muff types. You can still hear sounds in the area so if someone is calling me, I will hear it. This is one of the most practical headphones I have ever used. It is reliable and has a long cord so it is great for use on a computer or a TV. I like these so much, I bought a total of 7 sets.
described bulk pack many headphones included	There is just one set of headphones. They say "bulk pack" because it doesn't come in any packaging except for a plastic bag. There is no separate box. The sellers must've bought them in a much bigger lot and is now selling them individually.
seem solid durable set headphones using frequently 8th graders classroom thanks	Yes these are very durable. My 7year old uses them all the time
long cord	I think it is around 8 ft. Using my arms as a ruler. I love mine. 5 star and sounds good to me. No regrets
noise cancellation noise reduction cannot find reviews addressing	From my experience they are noise reduction. I would not expect much more from a $10.00 headphone. They are reliable and the audio quality is fine by me.
plug airplane sound system listen movie music besides laptop	If the airplane uses 1/8th Inch Stereo plug then yes, the technology is fairly consistent.
fold	No.
work ipad	Yes
noticed picture subwoofer white description states system black	Hi, Sorry about the confusion. I've been keeping the system in the box for safety, and I never got around to posting the actual photographs. 
device cut power even blue red outlets plugged bluered turned ie vampire effect	The blue is the "master" outlet that cuts power to the green outlets. The red are always on.
device work cordless drill charging station	I just tried it and it does.
600w amp running 36v 166a powersupply want melt 15a 125vac seems slightly cord 14 16 18awg	You will be fine. I'm not home but I believe the strip was 14 awg. Thicker than a pc power cord.
would sell bass module subwoofer	No
lifestyle 12 connect subwoofer speakers another receiver connectorswires compatible	I believe the Bose pieces are compatible with each other.
would consider selling console without speakers set exactly system years console going	Sure no problem but the CD player is not working other than that it's good $85 in that condition
hdmi hookup	No
know impedence cube speakers 8 ohm 4 ohm	My Tech checked them, they are 6 ohm, however please understand that this is a complete Bose system, not intended to be used with other systems Amps, so if you were to use these speakers in any way that is not intended by Bose.
work ps4 tv	Yes. I have my ps4 and my tv connected by an hdmi cable and I used this device from my tv In the "audio out" port. On your ps4 you change your output to tv or I believe it's called Doby 5.1.
allow use rcaonly 51 home theater receiver 3x 35mm 51 sound card pc	Yes it will help you hook up to your receiver, but I am doubtful that the 5.1 will come through as true 5.1. Is worth a try without upgrading your receiver.
adapter allow use computer speakers pc xbox360 time yes kind sound loss volume change occurs	not at the same time unless your x-box and pc are linked with a separate cable.....
adapter bidirectional meaning would like able essentially reverse flow downmix 3x 18 51 surround cables output stereo important particular setup I able take 51 input output	The one I received Is bidirectional, yes.
work wii u system would set	Yes. It will require a component or coaxial output so you can use the red and white audio outputs. Then you simply match colors
works true 51	I'm not sure - sound comes out of all the speakers, but it seems more like basic stereo to me.
trying make tritton detonators pc compatible convert rca males detonators 35mm pc usable port	It should work. My use is from 3.5 to RCA adapter to Logitech 5.1 PC speaker system. The 3.5 is from my TV. It is not really 5.1, but I had the speakers and it is much cheaper than a new sound bar right now. You may have to experiment with the proper port on either end of the 3.5.
speakers one headphone jack left right jack would work	Yes it would work with the one headphone jack. They are mainly for computer speakers which consist of three speakers, meaning three outputs. You have the option to use one, two, or all three outputs.
parts connection kit need install unit inmy 2006 nissan	Just a compatible Alpine head unit.
sirius satellite radio tuner siralp1 work 2008 ford escape	Yes
hi use item factory radio 2007 mazda 3	No you can't use this with your stock radio. You would need the one with the FM modulator.
connect mercedes command system 2005	I bought this tuner in 2008 for my alpine Sirius ready radio head. While this tuner was first manufactured in 2005, it will not work on your radio. They are proprietary to alpine products.
unit come antenna power wire output cable items provided item purchased new	has all the parts except what you need to connect to your stereo
unit come antenna power wire output cable items provided item purchased new	Yes it does
safe use iphone 5s	I have used it with several products and it is safe. However, as far as removing scratches I don't see any improvement. I would not buy this product again.
work well mabook 13'' screen	I have a Macbook 13" and the directions says not to used it on any mac. Why? I don't know.
work ipad surface tablets	No it won't! I read the bottle instructions and purposes and it definitely say it doesn't work for any of those products.
remove scratches cameral lens cell phone	Not in my experience. I bought this and used it on both of those items, a cell phone and a camera lens, and there was no improvement between the before and after. And please note, these were very small, superficial marks I was attempting to use the product on.
got [optical in] port [digital in]	Hi. There is not an optical port on this model.
speakers wireless	No, they are not wireless.
bose lifestyle 25 series 11 play dvds	No, it only plays cds
work flat screen tv	I would definitely not do that. this stuff is essentially glass polish and it's quite abrasive. most flat-screens have a plastic coating over the screen, this stuff will just make the whole area you use it on look scuffed and hazy.
safely remove reduce scratches dents plastic polycarbonate back iphone 5c screen	For me at least, it doesn't remove anything after multiple application on my cannon camera monitor, it's more like a cleaner for me
iphone 5s screen scratch could use remove	I didn't work for my iPhone 5, so I'm not sure. My scratch may have been too deep. I don't know, but it not only didn't fix it, but left a rainbow-like pattern within the scratch. I wouldn't use it on the glass face.
work screen want remove scratches surface touch tablet surface hands put typing	Does not work on ANYTHING . I have a touch pad that I bought it for and it did not work at all. Tried it on my cell, DVD's , ect. I was told there is nothing that removes scratches from glass.
product polish away oleophobic coating iphone 5c screen	It didn't seem to do anything. Not worth the money.
unit compatible iphone 5s	No it is not. Unless you reconfigurate the docking panel. Only the newer Bose model is.
many output watts	I read somewhere that it was 120-150. I don't think Bose really focused on the "power rating" they were more about the quality of sound!
ipod shuffle 4th gen	I have the older model which uses a wide connector. The newer ones use a smaller one. You'd best take your IPod to a store and try it out
could tell one answers unit fully working functional	Didn't last long -
product compatible ipod nano 2nd generation 2006	I bought this very same unit and it started out with beautiful sound and slowly turned static, until about 4 months later when it played no music at all. I called to get some support and the answer I got was: "too bad, but you are past the 30 day return policy". 
old charger new one	For old ipod, but you can buy a BT adapt.
get lightning 30pin adapter play iphone 6	Not sure but theres a combo of two adapters that will make it bluetooth and they are super cheap. I dont have the links but you can find them on amazon or ebay.
would connect device phonenot sure need get better signal basement appartmentthank	It's complicated, talk to Wilson tech support, they are pretty good. I am an end user, not an installer.
adapter need connect antenna coaxthis mentioned ad 304411 antenna	It is mentioned in the ad for the 304411, it says it's an N connector, just like this says it's an N to FME.
understand one side fme version coax smaller tv wire side regular coax connection like tv uses	Hi, the other side is N-type. Typical coax on a TV is F-type which is not the same. This connector is generally for antenna wire - 75 Ohm.
wilson antenna sma single male connector	where is a question !?
sides sma plainantenna connector	No, one side is the special connect that is on the booster. This is why this special connector is required to convert.
wilson sides sma connectors	What is the question? All I see is "Wilson both sides sma connectors". The picture and Part # 971107 is an n male to an FME male, which I think is the same as an SMA.
wilson plain sma male connector	yes what about this product?
work polycom soundstation 300	It Should. Call Polycom.
microphone work non expandable soundstation 2w 24 ghz wdct right option model non expandable	No
work 220016200001	Yes
work polycom soundstation 2 expandable 220116200601	I would think they would--our Polycom is 2200-16200-001, but the connection plugs are just "phone-jack plugs" so not sophisticated, and I don't think they sell any other mics. I don't know how your Polycom is different than ours, but if it is expandable, I'm guessing that would be how!
hook ipad	unless there is a cable that can attach it to the docking station - I'd say no. The depression in the docking station can accomodate iphones, nano and ipods. Newer versions may have the capacity to hook up to an ipad - but not this one
work ipod classic	i use older ipods. classic should work!
work iphone 4	Yes it does.
work polycom soundstation 2w part 220167880022	Yes they worked with my system
long cod expansion microphones	8 feet.
know compatable polycom soundstation 220100106001	I don't know the part number you mentioned but you have to have the EX model to use the extended mics. The polycom "1" has no plug in for them
use cokin 89b infrared filter nikon d80	I am not familiar with the Nikon D80 but I will relate to you my experience. I have not used this filter on a Digital camera yet. I have shot lots of B/W IR with film. I used ASA 50 with the focus slightly off as IR is not the same wavelength as what we see. I have shot only B/W on weathered buildings/structures.
square round filter	It's a round filter. But, it is designed to fit in the Cokin "P" series filter holder that typically accomodates square filters. There is an outer ring that is narrower than the filter itself which allows it to slide into the filter holder.
work pearlcorder t1000	I am not completely sure Christine. I would see what type of microphone jack the Pearlcorder takes and match it up to this one. I would like to think it would fit, but maybe not....Some have those "skinnier" plugs.
sensor come battery	yes it does
work simon xti wireless system	This works with my Simon XT system. I do not know anything about the XTi.
work ge simon xt system	It did work on my simon xt from front point. No problem whatsoever.
height install	I put the bottom of the mounting plate (plastic backing piece) at 7.5 feet from the floor. Works well...
simon manual says installed group 17 trigger alarm instantly detection mine delay recommendation	the Timers menu has an entry delay setting that I believe applies to all sensors, minimum is 30 secs
temperature 25 effect sensor	it did not trigger when i tested it, i suspect that since i was bundled up i did not give off enough heat radiation and that it i why it did not alarm.
sensor directly compatible geinterlogix xti system looking add 2nd motion sensor	I have the GE Simon XTi and it works fine.
degree coverage 45 90 130 180 etc	90 degree
pet friendly sensor	Do not have pets. Sorry!
wireless	It is wireless.
need receiver work stereo speakers	In the previous response I hit yes by accident. I am not sure what you are asking because this is an adapter that you use on some Bose products if you have bare speaker wire. 
6 cube speakers 4 hookups acoustimass 5 serieswould adapter help hook speakers receiver	Definitely not.
maximum gauge speaker wire work	I used 14 and it was very tight. 16 seems to be a good gauge.
work bose cinemate 520 series speakers	dont know
adapter fit cinemate gs series ii speakers	Hi, No. It will not be suitable
720nm thickness	That is the wave length of the light that will pass through it.
work ipod normal listening	I use this headset only for transcription. I cannot say if it would work with an iPod. It is a good headset, though. Comfortable and lightweight.
listen music sound	I have used them for gaming when my regular headphones broke, but not for regular use. If u had nothing else, I guess they would be fine, but not as a first choice. You can still hear too much background noise. Hope that helps! : )
connect rca wires specific bose adapter picture difficult make know bose models compare	No, just bare speaker wire can be fed in the back and tightened into place
bose cinemate gs series ii philips fr 911 receiver receiver wires go old speakers work	I am sorry I am not sure of the Philips receiver. However, I have no issue using the Yamaha receicer.
bose ac2 speaker adapter understand use ac2 adapter question connect end speakers wire lifestyle 48 bass module	Buy RCA cables, cut on side and then use the adapter.
fit center speaker	yes mine did.
buy magnet part	They come as a package, but any magnet will work as long as you keep the 1/8 inch distance. I have used the magnet removed from a clip fastener and double sided tape..!
ordered onedid charge shipping one ordered 5 another company charged $2499 shipping	Yes. That is how amazon is set up. I can set up a batch of 5 and shipping will be on $6-$7. Just let me know when you want to make the purchase.
compatible humminbird smartcast rf20	Yes, all the rf45's are compatible with any of the hummingbird smart cast systems.
tell rf45 battery defective humminbird 6month warranty refuse accept rma	If you have used the RF45 for some time and then it stopped the batters is likely dead. If it never worked then it could be defective. 
tie line cast use boat	You cast it out. When I used mine I had a separate pole with the sonar attached.
sensor discontinued option new sensor smartcast graph	I found several places online that still have the sensors in stock. I would recommend that you search the internet and buy several.
transducers cannot make transducer battery replacement	Because there is no money in those!!!
card work nintendo wii could use card wii buy wii specific card twice much	Yes it does. The card with the "Wii" on is is no different, except for being made by SanDisk.
50x 120x canon s3 important memory speed kind camera	For video recording and high-speed continuous, a 50x will suffice. Personally I recommend going with the Transcend 150x 2 or 4 gig card as they are very inexpensive, rarely produce write errors, and they transfer files more rapidly. One thing you should also consider is the type of batteries that you are using.
elite pro ultimate sd better	The Ultimate is the better card. There is no reason to get the Elite over the Ultimate. Why is it cheaper? SD has been out for a while, and these are just discounted more for the time being. Check other sites like newegg where you'll be paying $10 more for the Ultimate.
canon a630 digital camera memory card works canon a630 digital camera	Jamaica, This card will not work in your A60. CF means "Compact Flash" and is a considerably larger card than an SD. There are adapters that allow you to use an SD in a CF slot.
sd card card work hp 547 digital camera	If your camera uses an SD card can you usean SDHC card as well?
compatible 8 gb zen mp3 player kingston 8gb sdhc class 6 flash card sd68gb compatible 8 gb zen mp3 player sold amazon	That depend's. You need to check the specs on your MP3 player. IF it has an sd memory card slot? Yes it will work. NOT all mp3 players have upgradeable memory though, so make sure.
memory card compatibility memory card compatible cannon sd1100	Yes. This memory card is compatible with the camera you asked about.
style name whathellisthat anyone know 'style name' drop list different products different prices listed	They have combined a bunch of Kingston memory cards onto the same page. Just select the one you want from the drop down. Then when you press add to cart, your selection will be added.
compatible kindle kingston 2 gb sd card compatible kindle	Yes.
garmin n&uumlvi 660 card work well unit garmin n&uumlvi 660	What do you mean by work well, Robert? If they are compatible (which this SD card is) then it works. You only need to be concerned of the speed of the card as a slow card tend to crawl when viewing.
hook phones new samsung un46f6300af tv	check yr tv manual for audio outputs.
find replacement pads	I likewise could not find pads, so I covered existing pads with Saran Wrap!
sensors compatible ge concord 4 model 600102195r panels	Yes, BUT you MUST know the Installer Code. If you bought the system from a service vendor, they installed a 4 digit code. You must know this code. If you installed it yourself, then you probably know it. If you don't, you need to find it out otherwise you can't learn the sensors and you'll be stuck with them.
replace battery one kind battery take	Quite easy, just pry off the top cover of the larger sensor with a small flat head screwdriver. There is a small groove in the case where you can do this. Once the cover is off, you will see the flat circular battery held in place by a small metal bracket. The battery slides in and out only in one direction. Can't recall exact battery type, but it will be on the battery and it is a common type used in calculators Etc. and easy to find locally.
warranty period purchased amazon prime security companies service warrant item purchased	Its a good question. I think the warranty is 90 days but I've never had an issue. They all come security sealed (white security strip on box) and factory tested. If the seal is intact, it will work. Here's what you need to know. .
size transformer	The power supply for this item is a typical "wall wart," roughly cubical in shape with an AC plug attached, and measuring about 2 3/8 by 2 by 1 3/4. Output is 19V. I'm not looking at it right now, but I can get current capacity if you need it.
play vcd svcd hdvd	Our Axion 6040 DVD player does play about any format we've fed it. It will play straight Mpeg 1 (VCD compliant)and MPEG 2 files, VCD, SVCD, Dvd-r DVD+r, CDMP3. I don't think it will play Dvix files though.
happen happen	It works you just gotta get the refreshing process down. I got shafted on the xbox 360 too, but i was actually able to buy this one. So i guess amazon is forreals.
pdvd play dvdr discs looking new pdvd plays dvdr disc one	Plays the first DVD-R backup I tried, a multilanguage PAL movie. Seems like this should work with everything, pal, ntsc, widescreen, standard, etc.
else's shipping date january 14th february 1st else's shipping date january 14th february 1st	I got the $25 deal also but mine has shipped. I got an email saying there would be a delay but then a day later I got the notice that it shipped out.
pertronix ignitor improve gas mileage much car put thanks	I don't know for sure about the better mileage but it sure runs better and idles better. I put in a 1964 F100 p/u 292 V8 I would recommend it.
work 1966 mustang coupe	Yes it will if it's a v8
work 1973 grand torino v8 single point distributor	Yes
work 351 mercury windsor engine	Not sure. My application is a 1967 Mercury Monterey 390ci. And it works well. I believe it is more how the distributer is setup than the engine type. When I went to get mine I looked at the applications charts very carefully and it was listed for the 390. Good Luck! - John
fit 1966 amc ambassador 327 v8	Yes if it has an automated distributor,it will.
65 thunderbird 390 engine seems range 7457 range workable '65	Hello Raymond: Yes, kit #1281 is correct for your 65 Thunderbird. Thanks for your inquiry: Gary Catron CBS Performance 1-800-685-1492
rf modulator come wall connector cord	Yes, Elaine. It comes with its own wall connector cord.
used belkin long time problems hooking zenith dvd player &amp 1990 toshiba tv	Have you tried using another cable? Let us know if it works at BelkinCares@belkin.com with the link to this post.
cable co removed channel 4 cannot record view thru vcrfmy vcrnot play r	The Belkin RF Modulator lets you view DVDs, video games, and home videos on a TV that does not have audio video inputs. Simply plug the S-video or RCA-type outlets on your peripherals to a coaxial input on your TV and use the RF Modulator to connect your AV equipment through your television's RF jack.
old tv coax cable digital analog box audio jacks tv cable box go cable box tv tv work able get audio stereo receiver	If the cable box has coax out then yes it will send the coax signal which has audio to your tv; however to send audio to your stereo you will have to use an audio out source from your TV...like an headphone out. The belkin does not have audio outputs...only audio in, coax in, and svideo in.
newer tv struck lightning disabling hdmi connection svideo connection coax inlet need	You should be able to connect the s-video and the audio-L and audio-R to your TV. Good luck.
go coax video monitor coax input	I don't think so, the only S-Video on the box is an input.
satellite box coax going monitor monator coax input suggestions connecting vcr	yes you will prbably need a stand alone video recorder/ captrure device These are hard to find sometimes and you really have to read the reviews to find the right one that works. Amazon does have a selection of them.
solution audio static	I can only assume a loose connection somewhere.
kind power supplypower cord acdc adapter double insulated hard wired 2 prong power cord	Adapter attached to a long cord...Just contact Belkin direct as they will answer all your concerns and question...
latex constructionhave allergies	That is really intelligent question to which I do not know the answer. I would suggest calling Pentax directly. If no latex is involved, I highly recommend this product. Every response to date to those who looked through them has been the same....WOW!
made thanks	China. Surprise! :)
include case strap	Yes, case and strap are included. Lens covers are also included, but only stay secure when the binocs are packed in the case. I'll tell you, the quality of these glasses you will not be disappointed in! Tim
agree fun productive quantity limited still buy regular price	well i know for a fact that they sold at least one at $25. p.s. boo-yah.
hey everyone else spit cornflakes	bbb
much new gimmick fool onceshame idiots amazon marketing staff dreamed disaster	I totally agree!!!
pentax adapter hole tripod mount one end looks like might unscrew one	Yes it has a tripod socket.
give heading information	Your GPS antenna for the main unit would give you heading. This gives Temp speed and depth.
work raymarine l770	I don't know what your pin out configuration is but you'll need a connector that mates properly. Also, this is a dual frequency unit. I am displeased with the performance and purchase when mated to my Garmin 441s. Poor lock at speed and slow recovery and the unit is so big it acts as a trim tab on my 17' Boston Whaler. 
plug directly raymarine dsm 300	Wayne, it doesn't appear they are plug compatible. I believe your Raymarine unit has a 7-pin barrel receptacle for the transducer, but the Airmar transducer has a 6-pin barrel plug. That is, unless you are posing this question on a different, but related link to the Airmar P66.
transducer fit 740s	Yes !!! Just male sure you have the right cable length.
unit include mounting hardware	Yes
dose works salt water	yes
transducer 50200 khz dual frequency unit	this is the 200 the 50 is smaller and won't work in the deeper depths
work well glases nitrogen filled	Yes, they work well with glasses. As with nearly all binoculars they have screw in eye eyepieces for eyeglass wearers. They are nitrogen filled.
looking binocular bird watch would one good	Yes! It is fairly compact yet can really zoom in. Had great success in viewing the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel with these. chaperl
would work viewing whales beach kauai	They would would great and are small and light enough to carry around all day without dropping over from exhaustion.
hold exposure occassional rain snow heavy fog etc	I'vehad them in rain twice, and I was impressed. For the stated magnification, these deliver.
many megapixels camera image internal memory accept memory cards manywhat size batteries require	You must have asked a question about the wrong item, this is a pair of binoculars, not a camera. No megapixels, no memory or memory cards no batteries.
much weigh	very light, one of the things that surprised me. I don't know the exact weight (no scale) that was the first thing I noticed compared to two other binoculars we had. Great for walking around with out dragging you down. Also we use them so much I can't even tell you where the other old ones are...
ucf mean	UCF " Uni-body Center Focus " this denotes an inverted Porro-Prism binocular; (this design is for compactness)
would suitable watching live theatre concerts	I would certainly think so. I assume you're talking about a sit down and enjoy the music kind of concert and not one where people are being thrown around. They are larger than opera glasses so would not fit in a pocket or small handbag (larger purse is fine). They do come with a case and strap and are light enough they are comfortable around the neck. I have only used them in daylight, but would think they would be fine in low light/spotlight venues as well.
stabilizing mechanism people might real steady hand	No, there is no stabilizing mechanism. These are small and light binoculars, and the downside to the smaller size is a smaller field of vision and the need to adjust the width to an absolutely precise distance between your eyes, otherwise you won't be able to see through both lenses at once. 
unit work 2010c garmin	I have the GPSMAP 2010 and the P66 transducer is compatible. You may need the GSD20 sounder module between the two components to fully function.
work 185 sounder	this works on any 6 pin garmin, if you have a newer model it will not
doe 0101019201 unit work garmin 740s unit	Yes it is recommended for the 740S. Works great for me.
come 4 rack screws	No
fit standard 19 rack	Yes, it fits a standard rack mount.
purchased one surge light times normal	Mine is on all the time. I think it just means the circuitry is working correctly to let you know it's available if needed.
okay humidity costa rico	Yes
wattage device 100220v	15 Amps. Wattage is Volts x Amps, so the wattage is dependant on the voltage.
electricity interfere sound system anyone experienced buzzing making way amplified sound	Have not noticed any interference. However, my audio is balanced or digital.
surge light mean attached components surge protected surge already occurred	It means that your components are surge protected. If a surge occurs, the surge protector will trip and all components will be turned off as the surge protector itself will be tripped off. To turn it back on, simply toggle the "power" switch on the left hand side. Hope this helps.
work 220v supply	No. only 110v
come flat plug regular kind	Flat, 45 degree angled plug.
provide measurements	The dome is about 4" diameter across. The base in which the dome mounts to is about 6". Mounting plate is about 2.5" across. From top of knuckle to bottom of dome is about 7 to 8". I have these mounted at the top of two story buildings so measurements are not exact. Hope this helps.
2 new dome lights batteries last problem past customer	I don't use the lights. If you look at real video cameras on and in buildings they do not have flashing LED's, so I would be ok with no flashing lights. Flashing leds is a great indicator that the cameras are not real. Just my 2 cents.
1 looks like power cord exist left rear confirm 2 long power cord	Left rear is correct. Length is approx 10 feet. Mine is installed in a cabinet now so can't be precise but I measured 8 ft with a tape measure and est 2 more feet behind the equip.
dome clear tintedsmoked cannot see	Tinted and you can't see through it.
brand name visible outside unit	No.
size camera	The black dome and the white housing is bigger than a grapefruit, but smaller than a cantelope. Hope that helps!
legal us install dummy camera restroom texaco station keep folks leaving junk &amp crap floor	You'll have to ask a lawyer about that one - I'm sure there is 'expectation of privacy' issues, even where a fake camera in involved. Of all places, Amazon isn't the place to ask for legal advice :)
screw screws brick wall	You can.. but i would used wall anchors to secure the screws once i had driven holes into the brick
hold ipad protective case	No, case must be off for it to fit.
stiff enough tilt ipad rock back also made frame go around ipad could hold weight	If you tilt the iPad it stays in place and the arm doesn't flex. As for the frame question, I don't know. As long as it is under 5 pounds I'd guess it to be okay but you'll have to see for yourself. I love the stand, by the way.
could mounted cabinet would hinge double single arm meet able hold weight ipad 3	Yes it could be mounted under counter. i thought iPads got lighter. Works fine on my gen 2
support 220v	No, as far as I can tell. Only 110 plugs on the strip, bet it would only do 110
work ipad air ipad mini	No it doesn't. It fits perfectly with the iPad 3
way make ipad cant removed easily convenient charging im afraid kids nock since sideway	It locks in pretty tight, my 9 year old takes it around the house and it stays put.
work ipad mini	No
also fit ipad 1st generation	No, it will not fit the first gen.
fit ipad air	No
record	no
dvi hdmi cable need purchase dvi hdmi cable work hdtv hdmi input	yes either that or DVI-HDMI adapter if you already have a DVI-D cable lying around (not DVI-I single link). You can purchase one here, just search for tripp-lite DVI HDMI adapter.
oppo opdv971h work dvitovga adapter anyone know use dvitovga adapter connect vga input monitor	No. Read the FAQ: http://www.oppodigital.com/opdv971h_FAQ.htm#B7 The DVI output is DVI-D (digital only) while VGA is analog only.
woofers fit advent baby ii speakers	Yes. they dropped right in. Even screws lined up.
attach wall use screws screw wall	Believe it's was 2 screws to the wall
universal remotes compatible anyone successful	I have a series 3 TiVo but not an Olevia TV. You might try a Logitech/Harmony remote. I've never had a product that the Harmony can't control. If the original product has an infrared remote, the Harmony will work with it. Their wonderful customer service programed a custom setup for my gear - and for free!
good fit center console subwoofer replacement wrangler tj	Yes, it should be fine provided you have a good amp running.
sold pair	These were sold at least to me by singles and not in pairs and btw so far so good I bought 4 to replace older deteriorated speakers in my old front right and left tower speakers for my surround sound rather than recone the old ones. And they get used everyday and I like to feel the movies I watch and the video games I play!!!!
im thinking buying replace burned ones truck boxeswhat mounting dimensions dont want enlarge origina	The mounting dimensions are 3 inches
hi amazon product come pairs mean one two tweeters	They are a pair. 2 tweeters
measure speakers outside mounting flange inside flange	Outside
kindly confirm rate single pair	That's a pair package.
much speakers u get	Two I wish I new befor I ordered 2 boxes n for a unwanted 4
item coming pair	No, sold per speaker. (1)
see fit baby advent ii's baby advent ii's &amp iii's use size woofer	I don't know what size speakers are in the Baby III. Sorry.
case hold sony a580 w 3 lens charger &amp cord misc stuff	Yes
canon 70d wondering medium would fit battery grip	It's a very flexible case inside with velcro straps. I would think it would fit; although it depends what you have in the bottom slots.
fit nikon 5000 1855 attached 55300 40 macro	I got my Nikon D600 with similar lenses in the case with room to spare.
would bag carry d700 80200 2870lens	Yes, it will!
nikon d300s 80400mm lens fit med case fit large sz	I can fit a Nikon D7100 with 55-300 mm zoom attached in the large Ape Case. There is a total of 12 inches from one side to the other inside the case, so if your lens & camera collapsed & attached is 12" or less it should fit.
insert u shaped cutout cradles lens body set lens perpendicular long dimension case	All the pads on the inside can be arranged in various ways to accomodate your needs. I believe it can be arranged in the way you are asking.
top flip open easily smoothly sort hesitation help top stay open closed [edit] referring top unzipped unclipped top swing open smoothly	It has a zipper that closes all the way around. The front flap can be left unlocked, if you wish. It has a locking clasp that slides in easily. It's a WONDERFUL case. Buy it, you won't regret it.
anyone able fit 97101 inch tablet inside case	A tablet that size could easily fit inside this case along with a DSLR camera.
clips rings strap made plastic metal	Plastic
work hold canon vixia hf r62 video recorder	Hello, I looked online to see the dimensions of the video recorder and I believe it will fit in. It will be snug, but it will fit in. :)
work hold canon vixia hf r62 video recorder	?????
dimensions front pocket	Wow! I bought that for gift and I don't know, sorry.
hold sigma 70200 78 inch lens	It easily holds my canon 70-200 2.8, which is also a 7.8 inch lens, with tons of room to spare. The medium size of this case also holds my lens. The small does not.
acpro1400 luggage strap back	No, it doesn't. It only has straps at the bottom front for your tripod. However, this bag is absolutely sturdy and well-padded.
fit canon sx50	I don't think so...
fit nikon d80 one lens	It is a decent size bag and has a few other compartments. It should hold most cameras and an additional lens. I use it for a camcorder and accessories.
could couple dslr lens	Hello Charles, I suppose this could hold some lenses as well. It is an ok size bag with some additional pockets. A lot will depend on the size of your camera as well. Sincerely, Greg Soohov
fit canon hf m41	Yes, it fits and I have one NEW (NEVER USED) to sell, less than the lowest price you can find. It is also resistant, has many compartments, side pockets, etc. It is much practical.
image made fit 96 diagonal screen ceiling mount 13 feet screen	Yes, That is where mine is located and still Excellent as the day I bought it all these years later. There is lots of new stuff out there but this thing will not die.
use make presentations laptop pc hi anybody used projector pc	Yes. I do it quite often and it works well.
would work outdoor movie night kids	I would say yes, if there wasn't a lot of ambient light and your were projecting too far. We have used ours for outdoor viewing and it worked well. (approx. 10ft throw, 70 inch diag)
would fit canon 70d 18135mm lens attached water resistant	Hello, I am not able to tell you about the water-resistant part because I have not taken it out when it was raining or have gotten it accidentally wet. I do not know how big the Canon 70d is, but the dimensions of the camera bag is 6"x 3 1/2"x 4". Maybe you can measure your camera and see if it would fit. Hope this helps :)
timer camera come timer feature	I have one and I've recently reviewed the manual. I recall there being a 10 second delay (to get in the picture), and a 2 second delay (for stabilization). The manual is downloadable from Kodak's website.
anyone problems camera far battery life	I have this camera and I have not had any problems. I use the docking station to recharge the batteries. What upsets me is that the ink and paper are no longer avail.
warranty	There was a warranty when I bought mine in 2006, but I have no idea today. Amazon says it is now sold by a company called Speedy Mobile, whom I know nothing about, but you may be able to learn more about them and any possible warranty by clicking here &gt;
anyone tell sturdy camera dropped still functional thanks advance	Very sturdy
additional lens available camera	There are many when used with a thread on 52mm Lens adapter available from most photo shops. You can put any 52mm lens or filter on that does not require power. 
fit nikon d3300 1855mm kit lens	Hello, I am pretty sure it will not. The bag is about 6x3x4. With the padding in the bag, it would only be able to hold the body comfortably. I hope this helps!
get usb cable together buy camera	As I recall, it did come with a USB cable.
memory card needs formatting anyone else problem	We have the same problem, and thought it may be due to the size of the card. It seems that the multi-gigabyte cards are the ones that consistently give us the problem.
camera put onto tripod	yes
need charger camera small rectangle almost square plug camera	Yup. Sometimes I see them in thrift stores! (Goodwill, Salvation Army)
come battery	Yes, mine did. I believe all digital cameras come ready to take pictures
adjust dpi camera cannot lower 300dpi	I don't know about dpi. With mine I get sharp pictures if using the "P" program mode. Set to 7M pixels and on the image quality set to "fine". I leave it there. If I use the "auto" mode (little picture of camera) I don't get as clear pictures.
mic input	I don't think it has..
includes camera charger usb cable battery	You'd have to ask the seller. Great camera though.
come battery battery charger usb cord	Depends on the seller. It should say in the listing what comes with it. When I bought mine, I got the camera, the cord and a blank card.
fit yungnuo yn 560 iii	Per http://www.stofen.com/store/omni.asp ...Omni-Bounce OM-EY supports : Bower SFD680C/N, Canon 580EX, Canon 580EXII, Newer TT560, Sigma 600 Series, Yongnuo YN560 Series, Yongnuo YN562 Series, Yongnuo YN565 Series
expensive	I think if you look at it in terms of (a) it's 5% of the cost of the speedlight, (b) it improves your photos by that much at least and (c) someone had to devolop it and resell it, they deserve a small profit, I think that it's that price is very acceptable. This is not a mass market item from k-mart. This flash is relatively specialized gear and I'm glad there are people taking the risk to develop products. Pony up the lousy $15 and give it a try.
fit fit 430 580	THANK YOU!!! I was looking and looking and couldn't find if it would fit the 430EX.
color omni bounce	its not a color bounce its a diffuser.
diffuser introduce color cast images experiences cheap dome diffusers added yellow cast thanks	I have had mine for several years, and I've never noticed any color casts at all. It's pretty sturdy, too.
fit new model neewer tt660 thinklite flash many thanks	I have no idea... Perhaps you could call the manufacturer.
looking stofen website fit yongnuo yn560 iv yn560iv	It fits poorly. The reason that it fits at all is that the Stofen product is somewhat pliable (it can be bent around the flash head). 
maybe technical person difficulty find use please help possible thanks	You have to calibrate the R frequency from you DVD to you headphones , they have two settings A/B . Turn them on and change the selector.. that should do it.
headphones work portable dvd player purchased walmart	My husband said that if the DVD player has infrared option it will work.
easy fix vizio smart tv	This should only work with Pyle Monitors. Unless you purchase the twin one which comes with a IR Transmiter 12V then you have to have a higher voltage transformer for AC (Household) an electrician might help you out. The single one only works with Pyle as the IR is built in insdie the monitor, unless pyle sells IR separetely, try their webside www.pyle.com
1 woofer set 2	Just one
size sd card used	it will only support 2gig or smaller
rms sub	Im pushing 500 watts rms to 1 sub with no problem so anything up to that it can take with no risk of blowing.
whats good amp sub	A decent match would be any decent amp that is around 1100w if youre getting two subs then get a 2000w amp. I bought two of these and a Pyle 2000w 2 channel amp and it sounds excellent for the price of it all! You should try to avoid getting an amp that is more powerful than your sub's as it is easier to blow them but you can always tune an amp down
1200w 1000 picture clearly states 1000w	this series of speaker goes in increments if you buy a 10 inch subwoofer the wattage is 1000 if you buy a 12 inch subwoofer the wattage is 1200. 
purchased two amp would good drive wired 2ohm 4ohm 1ohm	Any amp under 2000 watts will work great. I have a 250 tma pushing my two and they sound awsome. Either 2 or 4 ohm will work just depends on what u like be careful.
camera record video	Yes, it records.
need know subwoofer dual 4 ohm	This Subwoofer is a dual voice coil unit [4 ohms total] I think. I bought one to replace a 40 year old Radio Shack OPTIMUS 12" passive subwoofer which had a dry-rotted paper cone & surround; it was rated @ 8 ohms. I kept the cabinet because I liked the simplistic style and the Pyle dropped right in there.
110 watt amp push	a 110 watt amp wont push them very hard, but you will get a little bass. i recommend about 200-300 wats per sub.
camera take videos well need something start learning photography home videos well	i own two fugi camera,s i have treated them like they were eggs in a basket. a s5100 & s9000.
capasitor 2000 watt amp 2 12 subs	No that's what the amp for. I just bought the correct wiring kit for the amp and speakers these Pyle hit hard. lots of bass. good luck. Just remember to ground your amp correctly
im sure make reviews pictures dslr camera's better difference visible quite confused new	Dslr give more options for lens changes and adjustment to settings as Long as you understand the settings a expensive camera will take bad expensive pictures if not done right
get list compatible external flashes thanks	xD and CompactFlash (CF)
bulb exposure s9000 long bulb exposure mode	i think its 30 secs , a sceurity feature not to burn the ccd
lens lens interchangeable	No, this camera is not a SLR (single lens reflex) camera. The lens is not removable, but it has a wide range zoom: from 28-300mm 35mm equivalent. You can focus on objects as close as 1cm away from the lens! :)
charge batterys	Just 4 AAs. Great camera.
camera comes xd picture card	The one that I purchased came with one.
product come card	I am not selling just commenting on a great camera. Mine came with a 1gb XD card.
fit h251 headset	They fit my Plantronics HW261N Binaural Headset which I think is the same diameter as the single ear versions. They are a little tight getting them on but i've been using them for several months now and I like them much better than the foam ones.
size	Diameter = 5 cm
size fit plantronics audio 995	I'd say no. The drivers alone on your 995 headset are 40mm mounted in square earpieces (according to www.plantronics.com/us/product/audio-995#overview.) Wrong shape. Wrong size.
fit plantronics cs55	it fit mine great!
work plantronics h261 headset	I do not own this headset, but a little research using Google shows this to be an accessory for this headset.
diameter I looking something 5cm 2 inches thanks	Regrets that I can't answer your question. They didn't fit my Plantonics headphone set because they were too small & it was too late for me to return them to the company. 
diameter earpads	2" in diameter
item ships georgia country europe	Sorry, we currently do not ship out of the United States.
built speaker	No it does not.
monitor touch screen	No, it is not a touch screen. It is a conventional 'flat panel' monitor.
box sound better closed vented box	Any sub sounds better in a vented box. Even so, I made a closed box for the small space I have an it sounds great.
readable screen sunlight	Couldn't say. Mine is on a desk where that's not an issue. But it will adjust to any degree, so that might help.
cords connect tower power cord	It comes with a VGA cable, and a power cable. The VGA will connect to a PC with a VGA port. There is also a DVI connector, but no cable supplied. They're fairly inexpensive to get, though.
kind connection	15 pin "old fashioned" PC monitor connection - monitor works fine but not extremely HD
built front facing camera	No.
cannot get monitor stay face forward folds like scissor platform fixed	I have never had that problem. It is probably just your particular monitor. You need to contact Amazon and they will get you another or do something to help you out.
wonder I shall I need replace stock amfm cassette 1996 winnebago motorhome ford chassis	this kit fit my 1995 and 1999 ford explorer with the stock radio , the kit was easy to install with the cd / aux radio I purchased from amazon . 
fit 12 din equalizer bottom part	I don't think so. The frame is specifically set up for the pocket that comes with it.
compatible mac	All monitors are compatible with Mac with the right dvi to VGA adapter but I wouldn't recommend this one though
fit 2007 ford escape	Sorry, no idea. Maybe you should ask the seller.
kit fit f250 super duty 2000 year	Vehicle Model: 2000 F250 Super Duty Kit Model Number: FD1327B Instructions for this model: http://www.scosche.com/downloads/dl/file/id/284/fd1327b_instructions.pdf At the right side of the first page of the instructions, I see that it says it should fit a Ford 1999-2004 F-Series Super Duty Pickup. So this should fit yours. Hope this helps.
need install sigle din stereo 96 ford explorer	According to
arm movedoes unit mount wallnever desk	No I don't think it does, never tried though. You might be able to if you screw a bracket onto it though, you would have to buy extra hardware.
fit '97 jeep grand cherokee	Only if you have a double din radio opening. Attaching bolt placement must also align to fit.
adjust height release stuck	I had the same problem. My friend put it on the floor and exerted some pressure and it released good luck
fit 1997 ford expedition	I think expedition and ranger bezels are the same so it should fit
2006 ford crown victoria police interceptor wondering would fit helps car factory amfm radio without cd cassette player ideas	According to the Scosche website, you'd need the FD16B adapter.
04 mercury monterey premier would still allow control radio using buttons steering wheel	No. You would also need a Axxess Metra ASWC-1 Universal Steering Wheel Control Interface with New Micro B Connector.
fit ford f150 2002 super cab also wiring harness need	I would assume so, if you have a double din deck in there now. As for the harness, I would pull the deck out and double check the existing plug, before I order any of them.
trying make sure fit 2006 lincoln ls appreciate help	Not sure I have a 05 f150... Fit perfect on mine.
fit 2008 ford ranger dash kit 1995	I installed this on an 08 ranger. Fit perfect and looked super clean. Easy install too.
fit 2005 ford explorer eddie bauer originally 6 disc changer thanks	According there website(www.scosche.com) it will work. I have never actually pulled appart an explorer so I can't promise it will work. My truck also had the factory 6-disc changer and it worked for me.
work 2006 hyundai sonata	Man idk I have a f150
fit 2007 ford escape xlt	Not 100% positive but I believe it should due to extra wires on harness for OEM extras in dash for newer models....do you have stock radio with single CD or upgrade? If stock and not premium should work just fine.
confused scosche chart 2005 ford explorer lists fd23d part need says part work vehicle amazon	It will fit your 05 Explorer but if you have an amp/sub I believe there is a separate smaller harness for that. Take a look at this other Scosche harness kit http://www.amazon.com/Scosche-FDK11B-2003-Up-Harness-Audiophile/dp/B000YO517E/ if that's the case.
fit 2000 gmc jimmy	It should chevy / gmc didn't change for 92 to 03 .I installed it in my 02. Good luck
fit ford ranfer 08	I put it in a 95 ford explorer fits great , if you have the standard ford big block stereo it will .
sony mexn5000bt radio lock kit missing step 2000 chevy cavalier helps	Sorry but I'm not familiar w/that model. I installed it on our 2002 Trailblazer and the Sony head unit fit fine.
fit 2005 pontiac sunfire	it fit my 2003 pontiac aztek, which was discontinued in 04 or 05
big cd pocket bottom	Holds 2-3 plastic cd cases
fit 2002 chevy malibu	?? I do not know
fit 2002 pontiac sunfire I replacing original big stereo one half size	I do not know, it worked great on our 2002 Trailblazer.
fit 2005 chevy colorado	I have no idea. I've put the same part in several cars with good success-Chevy and Subaru. If you have a standard width of access then measure the height and compare it to the height of the dash kit.
kit work 03 yukon	I do not know, worked in my '02 Trailblazer.
camera record play mini dv tapes	Yes it does.
installed pocket top open din bottom	bsolutely, u may have to tweek the sides
anyone know fit 2007 trailblazer lt	Fit my 2002 just fine. Not sure the '07 has same dash.
record bottom	directly to the right of the eyepiece that you're looking in
camera use mini digital video cassettes	Yes it does
hook camera computer also software inside box store computer	You need a firewire to go from the camera to the computer and the computer needs to have the correct plugin to use the firewire. Most computers do not have this capability (plugin port). 
macs anyone know work mac pc network	I believe they may have added Macintosh support since the time I bought mine, because on the Maxtor Site, under the Software Downloads section for the "Shared Storage Family", it lists some Macintosh software.
2005 grand cherokee stereo comes amp turn anybody ideas need tap wire somewhere	If it is aftermarket you will need to run a wire from the remote line to your amp.
fit 05 dodge magnum	Perfectly! I used it for my 05 Magnum!
fit 14 wrangler	It will fit all chrysler or jeep from 2002 til today it was easy to put in
work 2005 jeep liberty	Not sure, it worked perfect for my 2006 Jeep Wrangler.
04 dodge ram bypass factory amp use aftermarket amp	Factory "amp" is built into the head unit I believe. Aftermarket amps will absolutely work with this, as their connections will be via speaker wire, or rca from an aftermarket head unit. A note, the remote wire on this adaptor is not present in the factory harness, so you will have to wire that separately. I just clipped mine to the cigarette lighter (the one that only works when the trucks on). Good luck!
harness work 207 dodge caliber rt	No
automatic backup software anybody verify contain automatic software update	It does indeed contain backup software, but the software included is terribly flaky.
infinity sound system work factory wiring harness amp vehicle	Yes it took time to figure out how to do it that's why I had a negative review on the product, it should of been more specific, you have to tap into your trucks harness, the remote wire for the internal amp
work 2014 jeep patriot wanted add market radio	I believe so. IF you are installing a single-din headunit. i.e. (No dvd player, popup screen, lcd screen, etc.)
female conector side come male conector harness well	It's just the female side. It's designed to be spliced into the harness that came with your aftermarket radio
harness 2 ground cables 2 battery contact cables however radio's harness 1 cap extra wires	Depending on the radio you have, you can cap them off. Some radios use the extra ground wire to use a parking brake cut-off for the video function. This keeps the video turned off when the car is in motion. There may be some use for the extra power lead, but I didn't need it.
thiis compatable woth windows 7	I only use it now to recharge the battery. I just use the SD card to transfer the pictures. so I don't have the software installed . It should work fine.
linux anyone know filesystem uses work ubuntu	I have tried this with Kubuntu (K-system version of Ubuntu) and it appears to classify as a Samba(SMB) share and works pretty much out of the box w/o any extra software. 
dock work zd710 camera	I'm not sure,but the dock i bought was for a kodka 813 and it could be used with 613,713,813 and 913 .So if i was you it'd check into it more and i only paid Around 35.00 or so from Bob's Camera THROUGH Amazon. I believe. Good luck, Peggy
z1485 camera dock series 3 quit working dock get work camera	Freda, as I have found, if you have a laptop that has a port which will accept your digital camera's memory card, then you don't need the dock, good luck, John
mykodak camera c613 fit camera dock	(google.com)I typed in "c613 docking station"... yes http://reviews.cnet.com/digital-cameras/kodak-easyshare-c613-w/4507-6501_7-32512169.html
work z760 camera	If the charging port is the same, it will work as long as you buy the plastic plate that matches your camera. I charge both my cameras all I have to do Is change the resting plate.
work easyshare z740	I don't know about your camera, but it works fine with the C330.
use c533 easyshare camera	Probably not. Since then, I purchased the EasyShare Z915 and upload photos via usb port.
docking station z712is kodak easyshare	NO FREAKING CLUE! Email your nearest Kodak rep. John
dock work z812	this dock did not work
dock compatible kodak z1285 camera charge battery dr9576	I am sorry but I do not know.
hi kodak easyshare printer dock series 3 paper &amp cartridge kits 1	When I finally found paper, what used to cost approx $20.00, was going to cost over $60.00. I threw my printer dock away and now use Shutterfly instead. Sorry I can't help you!
size print 4x6 5x7	4 x 6 in special packs there is a tear off 'handling strip' about an inch hence some people think it's 7 x 4. Some print stocks (the pack includes the 'ink' ribbon as well) in the USA but virtually unobtainable in the UK - real shame as it's a good idea.
cameras go docks	It depends on which camera you have. I have replaced one of my cameras at Amazon. Check out your printer dock base. Some of the printer docks will took two or more bases. They were furnished with the Camera at the time of purchase. My base is marked in the middle C643 & C603.
kodak easyshare printer dock series 3 compatible windows 8	Sorry, can't help. We purchased it as a standalone printer for someone who doesn't use a computer.
many pix wondering approximately many pictures print 1 ink cartridges	Ink cartridges come in a package with the photo paper. So, if you buy an ink cartridge and 12 sheets of paper you can print 12 sheets of paper. The ink and paper are very expensive.
receiving ac power	Check the a/c unit, when the cables get bent or crimped, items tend not to turn on or off. If you can, flex the cable while plugged in, find the 'sweet spot' and tape a Popsicle stick to the cable (or anything else that keeps it in the correct position to work. IF the pwer supply is dead, read the back and see what amp/volts it has and use a substitute that matches. Worst case scenario search on amazon for a new charger. If there are none, let me know what the volts/amps are and I will list the one I removed from my printer and list it, if I still have it. I have 2 medium sized tubs of just power supplies from stuff that died. : )
printer docking series 3 take 2740 camera	I don't know positively but it should. If you can download the photos to the Easyshare software on your computer then you should be able to print to the dock from the 2740.
printer dock cx7300	If the connecter on top is not compatible, you still have the USB connector. That works with the PictBridge technology. You can get an adapter for the top connector so you can sit the camera on top of the printer.
older printer 500 still print without computer series 3	Not sure. I haven't had my 3 hooked up for a while and am going to have to figure it out again. However, just looked at my manual for my Printer Doc 3 and looks like you could.
23 picture print	because there is a plastic arm in the printer that is cracked. if you youtube that question a video will pop up of how to fix it.
says universal snap would work point shoot camera specifically canon powershot sx230 work dslrs	I have both an sx280 and sx50hs . The SX40hs (which I owned at one time) and sx50hs have adapter fittings that will allow one to use this and other close up filters however the sx280 and other sx series cameras do not have this feature. 
considering buying lens meike mk14ext macro ttl ring flash canon ettl could raynox dcr150 used time	The front thread diameter for the DCR-150 is 49mm. The version of that flash ring sold on amazon seems to come with adapters for 52-77mm, so you would need a step up ring for 49mm to the size of one the supplied adapters.
sony a6000 filter size 405 lens 1650 need adaptor ring include one thank	I don't think so. The RAYNOX lens has built in clips (those plastic things sticking out of the sides) that have attached to every lens I have ever mounted it to.
canon eos 60d w zoom efs 18135mm f3556 would raynox 150 worthwhile purchase better macro shots	Hi I like mine a lot. Just be sure you not getting the most powerful one as its too much magnification( the 250) . It's no macro lens but I think it's worth the money
anyone know lens compatible sony rx100	No, the DCR-150, like the 250 is only compatible with lenses with a screw in filter size of 52mm to 67mm. The Rex-100 does not take a screw in filter at all.
work sony alpha 77 camera	short answer yes. Longer answer, it works best I have found, with longer focal length lenses, like my Tamron 70 to 300, at 300 millimeter. It will also work on bridge cameras such as the Canon sx40 or the Panasonic FZ 200, at the longer focal lengths.I hope this has been helpful, these opinions are from my own experience.
would fit canon 55x250mm zoom lens lens filter size 58mm thanks help give	I am pretty sure it would. I know it works well with the 67mm lens adapter ring which is what I use.
price per pair one tim thanx	That price was for a pair of Lanzar DCT 1-inch silk dome tweeters.,
looking use micro four thirds body either 124028 3510028 fl able use get vignetting	I tried it with a PANA 45-200mm micro 43 lens on a PANA GH2. There was no issue of vignetting. However, the DOF can be shallow that may require focus stacking for close-up work. Otherwise, I am happy about it.
gx1	I don't understand the question. The Raynox DCR-150 is an add on lens which is rated at 1.5 diopter however that is not the magnifcation you would get with a zoom lense. You do not get physically closer to the object with this close up lense you must get father away to get a greater magnification of the object, assuming a zoom lense.
diameter depth tweeter thanks	Estimate: 2 1/2" diameter and if you use the pivoting mount estimated 2" depth. The tweeter itself is only about 1" deep.
price one pair	For the pair
long wires included tweeters	I dont remember. I ran heavier guage wires to them. They can take some watts
tweeters inline crossover built	There is one pair included in the box.
come crossover	Yes they come with X-Over..multiple bases for optional installs and excellent sound, I am very pleased with purchase installed in SAAB 93 2004 SS and improved my sound fantastic!!!
mounting hole diameter required flushswivel mount	I'm not sure. I surface mounted them to the windshield with heavy duty double sided tape. They work well there. They really fill in the front seat sound.
included capacitor 33 uf effectively 12 khz super horn wold work better 66 uf cap crossing 60khz	No
4ohm tweeter	I am not sure, but they work fine in parallel with a 4 ohm woofer on a crossover.
individually 150 watts combined power	I actually am using these tweeters now in my car and I have a pretty high end system and these are good I recommend them they're cheap so don't expect too much but I bet 150 each is appropriate
4 ohm 48 ohm	4/8 ohm they work great I put them in my jeep on the dash to project sound towards me when the top is down.... Now I can hear the music again
price one speaker set two	That's for a set of two.
sorry link tweeters system front lr like r system domino1 normal speaker domino2 tweeter	I'm not familiar with the terminology you're using but I hooked mine up to be in parallel with the assoc. output BUT I installed a .22ufd capacitor on the positive input of the tweeter speaker to protect it from the lower frequencies. I hooked these up to the front and rear outputs of the sound system. It give the effect of having a different sound out of each speaker even if 2 were connected to the same output line.
aluminum th	Yes.
instructions system include crossovernetwork must connect condenser follows condenser included missing something	Likely a misprint - it comes with a built-in crossover.
price pair one	Q: Do they come in pairs A: Yes they do
wire 'em thanx	No wire included. I used regular stereo wire from Radio Shack.
need know exact dimension please use object compare big	The round tweeter part is the diameter of a soda can and about half the depth of one.If you are wanting to use these in a car like I told the last couple people the are NOT made for that and will break not to mention look stupid.They are great for a home stereo and sound fantastic when properly wired.
want add home stereo speakers8 ohm hook terminals tweeters crossever ohms load get low	They have a sound frequency crossover installed. I connected across from the main speaker terminals. 
connecting phono preamp teac gf350 possible connect preamp aux input teac gf350 give recordings boost	Yes. Easily done and highly recommended to get the most out of your GF-350. I connected my Pro-Ject Debut turntable and a B-Tech (BT26) pre-amp to the aux inputs of my GF-350 and the results have been excellent. The sound of the finished CDs is significantly improved, especially when played through a good home or car stereo, or on an iPod, iPad, etc.
turntable cd recorders pitch control turntable cd recorders pitch control	Hello. I am having no luck with the CD-R's I have bought. Is there and brand that actually works in this machine? Thanks for your time, troy.
stylist arm automatic	no it is not automatic.
pair	Yes. They are very good as well. A great buy.
hooking perallel would 2 ohms	It's not the speakers you need to worry about but the amp.
shows err manual explans error unit	Learned from the TEAC engineers you will receive an error message unless you use one of these three specific brands of music CD blanks to record on: TDK, Sony, or Verbatim. Must be these brands and it must be just for music recordings. Had to order them on-line. Good Luck. MMF-Lacombe, LA
anybody tried hook series u	If you are going to hook up in series you are going to need to add amplifiers because you are going to increase the impedance.
anyone tell cutout diameter thanks	I'm sorry I can't
need buy grilles speakers come coversgrilles	Mine came with grilles. They seem to be of ok quality but the midrange and tweeter are not protected because there is a hole cut in the middle which exposes the area where the tweeter and midrange are.
best lptocd recording system	Steve, the recording quality was very bad and we ended up returning the unit. My older sister has an immense album collection we want to convert but we are still looking for a good quality converter and have yet to find one. This has been some years now since we started looking. good luck mc
cannot find sensitivity specs anyone know	This is all the audio specs info on the box and the website: *Power Handling: 200 Watts RMS/400 Watts Max *Impedance: 4 Ohms *Frequency Response: 37-22kHz
mounting brakets wiring harness included know says wires included mean cutting wires	The wires are already crimped with female connectors that fit the male ones on the speakers. The wires are extra long so unless you own a motor home you should be able to run the wires anywhere in a car or truck. If you don't want to cut just coil up the extra where there is room behind a panel or cover.
many speakers	2 speakers, 2 grilles
bought speakers back may already blewout even hifi stereo	i guess the answe is you get what you pay for i bought a pair and have had them for a lil over a month and min are already blown and i only got the factory radio i went out and bought a pair of kicker comp paid alil over 100 dollars for them but they sound great
speaker listed speakers get one 6x9 come pair listed way	I'm not sure I understand your question. I ordered 6x9 speakers and got a pair (2 speakers). But they were bent when I received them and they didn't work.
2010 pt cruiserthe stock speakers 6 34these 6 12will need extra brackets installed	No
2 speakers	Yes they come in pairs
many dbw efficiency	Don't know, but these are terrible speakers. I just got through replacing every one of them in my car (no, actually ONE is left working). They only last a few years with conservative use, then you're back to buying speakers again. I'm throwing out the one left, you want it? It should last for at least six months, or make a good tool magnet.
say fit chevy s10 certain speakers fit dash fit place original speakersi would hae buy	i would say take the ones that are in the dash at the moment and the measure how tall they are. and then compare to the size of these here. i used these speakers and they actually did some work for being cheap lol
fit 1990 toyota 4runner	Don't buy these speakers, they are cheap and blows very easily
fit chevy express van door speakers 675but 65	i really do not know. i think most van doors have either 6x9" and/or round 6.5" speakers.
color lighting	The lighting is blue. If you're putting it in an enclosed trunk it's very nice. But I put it in my trunk facing the backseat and the blue light flashed inside the car. Where I'm from red or blue are illegal colors. For obvious reasons. It comes with a switch where you can turn the lights on or off and adjust the sensitivity to the bass.
install light gain control panel box cant find place plug u please tell suppose attach	It's right where you plug in the speaker wires into the box on the left side
got dont know set neon	It came with a plug that U plug in where U hooked up the speakers and U plug the other end into a cigarette lighter and turn on the switch on the plug
need amplifier port aux cord	Yeah I mean they look good and they sound alright for it being what it is but I'd reccomend getting some kickers or digital designs
attach vehicle	You will also need an amplifier and and amp wiring kit. [And probably an aftermarket radio] go to youtube and look up a guide on "how to install subwoofers in a car"
much magnet weigh	Not sure how much but they where a little heaver than the 8in pyle's that I have in my celica. They also looked realy cool with the cover that was provided. There is green detailing on them that I did not notice in the pictures. Hope that helps.
power kenwood 1000w class mono amp would powerful enough power subs	Yes you can it will be powerful enough.
amp	Not from amazon iit is paired with a 1000 w amp from walmart, the box and speakers are great by a different amp like power acoustic reaper 2000w mono block.
fit 03 toyota matrix	I made it fit the backend, behind the back seats of a 2007 Jeep Wrangler, the physical dimensions of the box are, 12 ins X 28.5 Ins X 13 Ins. check out your backseat and trunk, good luck.
think would fit trunk mitsubishi 3000gt	It fits in a 2gen eclipse so if the trunk is same or bigger, yes it would. don't buy this sub set-up. Blew both voicecoils and that was after slowly breaking them in. Save your money and get something better!
power 1600 watt pioneer mono amp	Yes you can, these 10s bang hard, I love them..
fit harley davidson sattle bag	I would think that they would yes. Double check on the depth of them. Good luck.
fit 2015 nissan altima front rear	The sound quality of these without an amp is very flat. For your money you get a crossover. Speakers are junk, my bobbins are loose less than a month after install, and the tweeters are headphone speakers.
fit front 2006 dodge charger says sites say front back charger take 6x9	Don't think so up until 2015 they said it's actually 6x9
fit 2000 dodge intrepid	If you Google your car it will give you the size. If it says 6 1/2 they should fit.
fit 2008 honda civic ex	No
able use speakers rear deck speakers	I wouldn't recommend it. These are 2 way components. For a rear deck set up 6x8 or 6x9 3 way speakers are more ideal.
fit 93 civic coupe	If it has 6.5 inch speakers. But seriously, don't waste your money. These things suck so bad
quality sound speaker set amazing sound quality	I have two sets of these running off a Rockford Fosgate R400-4D, it sounds great and these don't require as much power as the manufacturer claims. I plan to purchase more Pyle audio equipment in the future.
want install 2008 chevy silverado 1500 need additional brackets hardware mount doors	Not sure. Installed them in a 99 Tahoe. All I needed was self drilling screws. And adapt the wires. The tweeters are a different mount than stock. Will not fit in the same mounts. I removed them from their housing and plastic welded them to the underside of the factory bracket. Sounds good.
pair single speaker come pair	3 years late... comes as a pair.
many speakers comes order	2 big and 2 small
bought house wired speakers speakers gone 95 inch holes remain speakers fit small	They won't fit a 9.5" hole. They are 6.5" but are a true 6.5" if that's what you need. Pyle makes larger rectangle speakers that might work. I love Pyle home speakers, and I've used most every design they have. Great bass response and high wattage for half the price.
5000 sq ft space simply like simple background sound like elevator music speakers work thinking purchasing 4 sets	I have a set mounted in the ceiling of my Den. They are set up as 2nd speakers from a JVC Stereo system. They aren't Bose quality, but for the price they are more than adequate.
speakers sealed back blown insulation	No they are not sealed in.
anything additional needed mount speakers	All you will need is a Phillips screw driver and a box cutter to cut the circle holes in the ceiling and all peicies fur the speaker are in the box. It's a very simple installation me and my father did mine in a few hours.
need 12 order 6 kind limitation way 12 ordered	FYI, each box comes as a pair. So if you want 12 speakers, you only need to order 6 boxes. Other than that, the only limitation should be merchant availability.
speakers mounted outside covered lanai ceiling floridait would protected rain	I have ours installed outside. They are under a covered patio and go into a protected portion of the ceiling. Have the installed for over a year and no issues.
get grill front speaker	I used a paper clip and made a small bend enough to get in the grill, do not poke the actual speaker, I unsure if the tweeter cover is removable
ship grenada	sorry but we cannot ship to grenada.
put blown insulation back need cover	I installed these in the ceiling of our Ranch house and first went up into the attic to mark where we would place the speakers (I didn't want to start a hole close to a beam or wires) while up there I moved the insulation out of the way and placed foam flower protectors over the center of the hole (amzn.com/B00448J1FY), Then I replaced the insulation. 
terminals wires connect different sizes infinity ones I replacing	Yes. 1/8" and 1/4".
looking midrange put inside home speaker cabinet body size going hole hole cabinet 4 inches thanks	Probably needs to be 6 inches. I already had holes for my speakers. I just had to make them a little bigger.
anyone tell large opening midrange thanks	Sorry, I have not installed mine yet.
anyone gotten 8ohm version speakers much better	They are only manufactured as 8 ohm units as most amps are spec'd to drive 8 ohm loads. Connecting 2 in parallel (the usual way) will create a 4 ohm loads which is the minimum most amps will handle.
size hole mount	5"
adhesive suction mount windshield ideas	This happened to me too- it actually melted to the windshield and when I finally got it off there was a black rubber circle on the windshield. Now the suction doesn't work anymore. 
charger c330 product come charger cord shown picture	Yes - mine came with the cord which is detachable from the unit, so you can use the internal battery for short trips.
question come cig lighter adpter	the power cord plugs into the power outlet in your car or the cigarette lighter.
c330 vs c340 anyone know difference	The C340 has "full" spoken directions as well. It will read the street names and exit numbers to you. The C330 only tells you to "turn left" and so on, although it does display the names/exits at the top.
c330 vs i5 price c330 worth instead i5	I owned the i5 but it was stolen. I'm looking to replace it now. I like the c330 better in every way except that the screen is significantly less bright. For this reason alone, I'm thinking of getting another i5. Price diff is negligable (approx $50)
distance mounting holes diagonally across speaker hole hole around perimeter	About 5 7/16 diag on center... about 3 13/16... pretty standard 5.25 inch speakers... No complaints
map routing entering destination see take	You can see the full route map by doing the following: - when on your route, touch the current route instructions shown at the top of the map. - This opens a view of each step in your route. - At the bottom of the display, there is a button in the middle of the screen called "Show Map". Press this button. - This opens your full route map from your current location to the end point. Hope this helps.
rural maps accurate maps rural areas	My experience is that the maps are very accurate in rural areas. Right down to the dirt roads. There are some problems you should be aware of though. Many times the road names are not the ones used locally. The road sign may say Snake Creek Rd while the GPS says County Road 317. 
gps rv anyone know rv setting route tiny little roads mountainous grades might want avoid towing 33 travel trailer 7 dogs	There are at least two GPS that are specific to RVs and/or large trucks now: Garmin's 'Big Rig' Nuvi 5000 GPS and CoPilot Live 11. I don't know if they are good or not, but if you are still looking, it's a place to start.
come 2 speakers	Yes it does!
2	It certainly is for two. They are a little dead sounding, though. They are also enclosed speakers, so I cut 2 slots in the frame with a Dremel and cutoff wheel, and they sounded better. If you are putting them in a common cabinet with other, open frame speakers, you cannot do this modification.
garmin c330 speak street names partial gps devices say street name one turning turn right 05 miles oak street opposed turn right 05 miles one	No. The 330 does not have TTS. The c340 does.
d80 67mm lens want use indoor lighting shoot oil paintings slight varnish lens reduce glare	The filter has worked well for me to reduce glare on windows, water, etc, so I assume it will work well on paintings. (I've not shot paintings with the filter, however.) I'm always amazed at how the view changes as I turn the filter.
77mm polarizer filter got rain drops ruined rain water dissolve coating filter	I've had that happen a few times, it hasn't done a thing to mine... they seem to remain unaffected with the Nikon brand..
stack filter hoya nd400	I'm not much a camera tech so I can't authoritatively answer your question, but I have my polarizing filter on top of a regular daylight filter on my Nikon D40.
anyone using lens tokina 1116mm uwa	This is a great filter - but whether or not to use it depends on your camera. If you're using any Nikon digital, you're good. And it should work fine with other digital cameras - Canon, etc. There may be one out there that is slightly thinner giving you a lesser chance of vignetting at 11mm. The Hoya 72mm DMC PRO1 would be a good choice. Slim for sure and I've had good luck with Hoya filters.
putting lens eliminates need lens hood blocking unwanted light	no, direct sunlight may still enter the lens/
fit sigma 70300 mm f456 macro telephoto zoom lens	Only if the Sigma has a 52mm thread.
black disc garmin c330 anybody know black disc garmin c330 bought received yesterday driving crazy	you can use the black, metal, self adhesive disk to mount the suction cup mounting bracket (for the c330) to a surface other then your windshield. Such as your rough surface dash board. Stick the metal disk to your dash board (or wherever you want it) then the suction cup will grip the disk. ALSO: apparently the disk is very hard to remove once its attached.
fit sigma 70300mm lens	Sigma makes several models of their 70-300mm lens. Without the specific model, I am unable to determine which filter is needed. The couple of models that I reviewed on Amazon indicate the they use the 58mm filter NOT 52mm filter.
nikon d5300 55mm f18 lens would 58mm polarizer compatible thanks	I am not able to identify what lens you have. I can't find a 55mm f/1.8 lens. The polarizer I reviewed was a 52mm dia which is kind of the old standard for Nikon. The quick answer should be that if your lens has a 52mm thread diameter at the front of the lens it should work. The easy way to find out the thread diameter is to look at the lens cap. It will say the size of the cap which should be the same size as the polarizer filter you will need.
lens cap	My lens cap fits on it. Hope that helps.
filter fit nikon d90	The polaring filter fits on the lens not the camera. It is polarizing filter for a 52mm lens. If the lens fits your Nikon D90, it will work. The filter attaches to the lens
garmin c330 c530 bought garmin c330 saw garmin c530 offered price costco	The only difference is that the c530 has a high sensitivity "surf" receiver. Keep in mind though, both units will come with the older v8 mapping because they do not have the internal memory to load the new 2008 maps. The units will become regionalized which means you will have to choose between loading the lower 48 states, or Canada and the border states.
c330 sd slot im interesting unit buy another country want know cargue map country sd slot memory	Where is SD Slot at Garmin StreetPilot C330?????? I feel myself dumb, because I can't find this slot??? All C330 with SD slot???
write information disc directly need lables	Do you mean "Do I need labels"? Labels are nice, of course, but you can also write on the top of the disc with a permanent marker, with some caveats. 
put music discs	Absolutely you can, but they will not play in a regular CD player, only a machine that plays DVDs.
version number disk verbatim 47 gb 16 x speed	For the price, it is the best you can buy. I try to get Verbatim DVD-R because on my HP desktop computer and the video software I use, it is the best. 
letters r r rw rw mean	-r alot dvd players play only those,+r they better then r but as i said you need look dvd they might take +r i just know my old dvd player or some the new ones wont play them two rw mean u rewrite those discs alot but those very expensive
order 95101 package really get 95101 ie data life would anyone happen know media code	i know your concern and all I can say is that I received the authentic 95101 AZO Taiwan made discs for DVD-r (The +R were/are 95098 AZO from Taiwan as well) DVD-r is ID'd as Manufacturer ID: MCC 03RG20 DVD+r is ID'd as MID: MCC-004-00
dell intelr burn pictures dvdr	No these are for recording only. buy DVR-RW
need copy many pics computer disc play computer dvd player best way go	Yes it is a good method. You also can use a CD, but it's the same idea.
burned dvd disc computer play dvd player	It depends on how you burn it. You can set your computer drive to burn a disc as a "Data" disc ( only a computer can read it ) or as a DVD which will allow it to play on a DVD player.
types video outputs	Only have VGA output.
come vga cables	Yes, all of my monitors come with a power and VGA cable.
get shipped faster need asap	Handling time 1-2 business days + UPS ground shipping time. Orders placed before 4pm EST will ship the same day (excluding weekends and holidays).
able hook security cameras monitors	Yes, it should work fine with most security system.
average life expectancy need survive long time	If you Google the question, it still remains to be seen if the data after 25-50 years is still completely intact. There are numerous factors that can affect this, ie., how they are stored (such as upright in their case, humidity free, etc.) gravity, how they have been handled, manufacturer quality control, etc.
work dell zino computer	I am about 90% sure that it will work on a Dell Zino computer
connect dell laptop looking second screen due multisystem log on'swill need buy additional cables	Yes
e713fp 17 inch monitor wall mountable	yes
e713fp 17 inch monitor wall mountable	Yes it can wall mount
work external usb cddvd drive like play dvd's watch movies monitor work	No
transfer video sony ccdtrv138 hi8 handycam computer	You will need a RCA-USB adapter and a video capture software such as http://www.amazon.com/Easy-VHS-DVD-3-Plus/dp/B006GOFW3E/ref=sr_sp-atf_title_1_1?s=software&ie=UTF8&qid=1405401992&sr=1-1&keywords=roxio+easy+vhs+to+dvd
want record old tapes cd	That is what I did with this camcorder and a video capture software. BUT!! I bought a refurbished one of these and it ruined one of my tapes. bye bye precious home videos.
play ps3	No
pop n side laptop record youtube videos kind free software use	you should be able to do that if your lap top has a dvd rw burner, if it doesn't have that then you might need to look for another disk type, if your lap top can make disks, some of them just come with just a cd rom only. as for the free soft ware to download from youtube, I just go with the basic- http://www.ytddownloader.com/ YTD Video Downloader , but get it from their web site ONLY, other places might put in a virus or malware or some other bad thing.
remote control work	I have used my remote to rewind and play the tapes. The touch screen got to where I could not use for any functions but could rewind & play the tape I had in there. That is all I have really used the remote for. Love the camera though.
color screen mine rediss many tape grandchildren need better one even used	I bought a used one last year. It is working pretty well, the screen is good and working fine, the only minor issue is the on/off button is little unsmooth sometimes, but no big deal when I do regular recording or transferring to PC for making DVDS. Let me know if you want mine, I recently bought a new SONY model.
use sony dcrhc32 europe use sony dcrhc32 europe	of course you can
comes camera camera accessory shoe	It comes with a base that is sits on and the base charges it and connects to your computer by firewire and usb. Very convenient. I have just been using the camera to load some old tapes into the computer so that I can edit them and store them.
upload videos pc via usb I considering buying camcorder firewire port free pci slots firewire port possible upload videos pc editing via usb	Yes i've just uploaded my video's via USB cord onto moviemaker but no sound.....GRRRRRRRR
looking camcorder live streaming via internet camcorder capability	Hi Johanna, this camcorder doesn't have that feature of live streaming via internet. -Ely
compatible mac wanted sure camera compatible macs burn video dvd easily anyone know	Hi Dr. K, Yes, this is definitely Mac compatible, for versions 10.1.5 on up, according to their product specs. Hope this helps - I plan to buy one of these myself, and I'm strictly a Mac person. -sasha
8mm tapes	8mm and 8mm digital
hello camera playback standard analog 8mm video tapes	I believe it does. Have not used mine in abou tthree years but I tink it does from what I remember. In fact that is one of the reasons I bought it.
need camcorder play old analog high8 tapes one work	this camera is the 1st consumer grade camcorder ... about ... 2005 ... ironickly it orginizes video and audio differently than its competitors of the time .... it can record on 8mm , hi-8 , digital 8 ....and read back its info.
way connect mac	I'm not familiar with the mac. The AV cord allows the camcorder to be connected to dvd recorders/players and TVs.
ntsc	Mine is. But I believe they also made a PAL version. Not sure if the model number would be different.
battery life	So far after I charge the battery it will last about 90 minutes. I have not had any issues with the battery.
ntsc	It is NTSC compatible
actual color appear deep green black thank	The ones I bought are black. ,
include case	Yes it comes with a case and straps so you can wear them around your neck.
weight exit pupil prism type	The bare weight is 12.5 oz. as indicated in the specs. I've weighed them, it's accurate. The exit pupil can be derived for any binocular by dividing the objective diameter by the magnification.
camera come external microphone jack	No. I personally checked the camcorder and checked the owner's manual and could not find one.
25 year nikon warranty	You asked of the Nikon ATB 10x25 has a 25 year warranty, but I bought the Nikon ATB 8x25. They turned out to be a bad choice. I suggest the person asking this question go read the 9 reviews of the 8x25 Nikons, which specifically address the warranty and (lack of) service.
make data discs minidiscs	No sir you can only use minidisc for audio. I am very happy with minidiscs for excellent audio recordings. Wim van den Berg.
item come soft case eaches	This item is packed as 10 disks, each in a soft case. That is they way I received them. It seemed to be the most economical way to buy them. I hope that helped.
neige mean	French for snow, et al, white or in this case, clear.
many available	We have 15 only.
use device replace antithief camera	I don't believe you can, but I am not 100% sure. It is designed to tape for limited periods of time (up to 2 hours) and not as a monitor.
use sony mavica camera series	As far as I am aware these are for recording audio only.
come case strap	There is a Nikon strap for the binoculars, but the case only has a belt loop.
binoculars come sort case	Yes, they come with a small form fitting case that has a belt loop that can accommodate belts up to I think 2 inch belts.
length inches eye piece lens	4 inches exactly
many came box 10	in my purchase experience, yes: 10 MDs per pack. These are pretty decent quality too
lense caps included binocular	It has caps for the eyepieces. No lenses caps, though.
work tascam 564 portastudoand rewritable	They will, but you'll only be able to record two tracks. All MD portastudios use "MD Data" discs in order to utilize all the tracks on your portastudio (they're also more expensive). I used HHB MD Data discs and they were great. Just be careful, there are 2 types.
really take 1 4 months receive	Casey, Thank you for your message. No, this item does not take 4 months to receive. Can you tell me where you saw that? All of our items we sell ship between 2-6 business days and are delivered in 2-10 business days. Please let me know if you have any other questions. Thank you, Carlos
nikon prostaff 12x25 binoculars come case	Yep. Soft case
compatible sony mdw80pl	I believe that is a 80 minute minidisc as well. As far as I know all minidiscs are compatible in any standard machine. I have four standard player/recorder machines and a unit that is mountable in my vehicle. All discs I have purchased have worked with all of my machines.
nikon prostaff 12x25 binoculars come strap ability attach strap harness thanks	It comes with a strap.
roof prism porrow prism	porro
get user guide flash	I am guessing that it did not have a user guide. suggest you review the 80 comments on the amazon website and you will likely learn as much. It is a simple tool. I notice Amazon has carried it since 2004.
use flash model 9940a001 canon sx280 hs model canon website 5189b001 looks	Elona, you can use this Power Flash with any machine. Will work any time your machine flash turn on. It is a wonderful device.
hfdc1 compatible canon g16	Yes. The flash extender simply uses a light sensor that senses your flash going off and triggers the unit. It also sees how much more flash is needed and adjusts according to the setting low to high. I use it with my Cannon point and shoot.
use hfdc1 flash sx40 hs	I believe that it should work with a SX40 HS, I have used mine with several different canon powershot/elph models so it should work with a canon SLR as well... (worst case, it doesn't work for you, you can simply return it)... ;-)
high power flash anyone tried using flash underwater situation using waterproof pouch	I've never tried ANY flash underwater. IF the water is really clear, so that you don't get any glare back from stuff in the water, AND the only problem is that you need more light for the photo, then it might help quite a bit. 
reducing red eye flash terms reducing red eye canon cameras	 What causes red eye is that the light from the flash goes directly into the subject's eyes and bounces directly back to the camera. The same dim lighting that causes you to need flash, make the pupils of the eyes open wide, thus letting a lot of light in but also letting a lot of light reflect back from the flash.
one hdmi input tv multiple hdmi sources anyone know could connect dvd player hdmi output cable box hdmi output one hdmi input television	This is a common situation and by now you've solved it but seeing that your post is dated 9/15/08, I'll give you the solution for the benefit of others who may need it.
used canon sx 280 hs	The following came from the Canon site under accessories for Power Shot Cameras. According to their information the HF-DC1 will operate with the SX280, see below: Compact and elegantly designed, the High-Power Flash HF-DC1* requires no accessory shoe.
cable safe enough ran behind drywall	It's totally coated, so I guess it would be fine. Would ask an electrician though.
diameter cable flexible	They are not thick at all, they work well in wire molding strips. Thick HDMI cables often break because they are to thick and have no flexibility..
cable connect two kindle fire's together share data	Don't really know....
connection hd cable box anyone used cable one similar connect hd cable box hd lcd tv	Could you provide a link to the cable you are asking about? I don't seem to see one in your post. Thank you.
thickness hdmi housing halfinch	No I would say an inch or thicker. I was surprised how good the quality was when I recieved it. Gives a good connection and strong clear picture
tell cable shipped texas wait weeks get cables unlimited pcm229510 hdmi cable 10 feet thanks	SHIPED FROM FLORIDA SOULD GET 2 TO 4 DAYS
cable support audio video	Yes
bit rate cable	the bit rate of this cable is 6Gbit
cable connects loose tv cables connecting loose	One of the things about HDMI cables that could use a bit of improvement is the sturdiness (or tightness) of the connection. The design of the HDMI connector is such that sometimes the weight of the cable causes it to work its way loose much more easily than RCA type connectors (which are often just the opposite- too tight!).
bit rate cable	the bit rate of this cable is 6Gbit
cable safe enough ran behind drywall	It's totally coated, so I guess it would be fine. Would ask an electrician though.
diameter cable flexible	They are not thick at all, they work well in wire molding strips. Thick HDMI cables often break because they are to thick and have no flexibility..
cable connect two kindle fire's together share data	Don't really know....
thickness hdmi housing halfinch	No I would say an inch or thicker. I was surprised how good the quality was when I recieved it. Gives a good connection and strong clear picture
one hdmi input tv multiple hdmi sources anyone know could connect dvd player hdmi output cable box hdmi output one hdmi input television	This is a common situation and by now you've solved it but seeing that your post is dated 9/15/08, I'll give you the solution for the benefit of others who may need it. HDMI switchers (commonly 4 input, 1 out) are available for less than $50 and some of them are auto-sensing/manual units and others even have remote controls. it's a matter of preference.
tell cable shipped texas wait weeks get cables unlimited pcm229510 hdmi cable 10 feet thanks	SHIPED FROM FLORIDA SOULD GET 2 TO 4 DAYS
cable connects loose tv cables connecting loose	One of the things about HDMI cables that could use a bit of improvement is the sturdiness (or tightness) of the connection. The design of the HDMI connector is such that sometimes the weight of the cable causes it to work its way loose much more easily than RCA type connectors (which are often just the opposite- too tight!).
connection hd cable box anyone used cable one similar connect hd cable box hd lcd tv	Could you provide a link to the cable you are asking about? I don't seem to see one in your post. Thank you.
cable support audio video	Yes
cable need hp w2558hc monitor connect hp pavilion 500 computer tower	The HP Monitor has VGA and HDMI inputs. Most good monitors these days do. The real question is, "does the HP Pavilion 500 have an HDMI output?" That varies from model to model, since different models have different graphics chips. Look on the back of your computer and see if you see either the VGA out or an HDMI out. If it doesn't have HDMI, but had DVi-D, then you can use this cable to connect the computer to the monitor.
work connecting cable box hdmi dell u2412m monitor dvi watch cable channels	Most likely yes. However, there are some PC's/Laptops that have odd configurations and will not allow for a conversion cable. Unfortunately it is one of those trial and error type things.
hey currently desktop dvid port monitor hdmi ports cable work recomend	JOrge, this cable worked for our computer to monitor set-up. It should not be a problem. All the best!
work audio also	This works for audio when sent from a computer to a monitor with speakers.
connect toshiba laptop circa 2006 port dvi several usb ports ethernet port 15 pin port	You may already have an HDMI. The first thing is to look carefully at your ports, also check the rear of your laptop. 
work display hdtv content pc lcd could use get hdtv pc lcd	You can. The highest broadcast in HD you will be able to view is 720P or 1080i. The only issue is that you will not have audio when using this cable, but you can always run it through a stereo. That's what I used this cable for.
okay computer hdmi port apple mac mini monitor dvid port work	yes
dvi female male	MALE
would like use cord extend laptop 3rd monitor work using laptop hdmi port monitor vga dvi port	Yes
connect without adapters audio cable acer aspire xc600 computer dvi output dell e2213hb monitor hdmi output	It works for me using this cable to connect DVI output from Dell Precision to HDMI on Samasung TV (of course, video only, no audio).
bit rate cable	the bit rate of this cable is 6Gbit
cable safe enough ran behind drywall	It's totally coated, so I guess it would be fine. Would ask an electrician though.
diameter cable flexible	They are not thick at all, they work well in wire molding strips. Thick HDMI cables often break because they are to thick and have no flexibility..
cable connect two kindle fire's together share data	Don't really know....
thickness hdmi housing halfinch	No I would say an inch or thicker. I was surprised how good the quality was when I recieved it. Gives a good connection and strong clear picture
tell cable shipped texas wait weeks get cables unlimited pcm229510 hdmi cable 10 feet thanks	SHIPED FROM FLORIDA SOULD GET 2 TO 4 DAYS
connection hd cable box anyone used cable one similar connect hd cable box hd lcd tv	Could you provide a link to the cable you are asking about? I don't seem to see one in your post. Thank you.
users michigan	Can't speak for Michigan but it works great in California and gets me 32 channels! I'm sure it would work there but it all depewnds on the area where you live. You can go online and look up which channels will come in in your area and what type of antenna is needed for each, just google it. Good luck!
mean offair hdtv reception mean cannot watch live broadcast tv	No, that's not what I meant. By "Off-Air HDTV Reception" I meant broadcasts received off-air as opposed to cable broadcasts. It's intended for use watching live analog and HD broadcasts from network affiliate stations. (read traditional over-the-air type TV broadcasts)
cable connects loose tv cables connecting loose	One of the things about HDMI cables that could use a bit of improvement is the sturdiness (or tightness) of the connection. The design of the HDMI connector is such that sometimes the weight of the cable causes it to work its way loose much more easily than RCA type connectors (which are often just the opposite- too tight!).
attached antenna coax scanned channels get nothing even staticwhat wrong	Did you change your T.V. from cable to Air or Antenna?
watch tv	Depends upon where you are. I get MeTV, Cozi, AntenbaTV, and RetroTV. The stations are all within 25 miles of my house, and in the same direction. My antenna is in my attic.
live rural sw missouri expect decent reception broadcast stations 4050 miles away	Offhand I'd say you need a roof antenna with a rotor and outdoor, mast mount booster. I'm not an expert, but the range on this one is 20-30 miles max, but we were able to get a few Baltimore channels from Alexandria which is at least 40 miles, but reception was unreliable and easily disrupted. 
one hdmi input tv multiple hdmi sources anyone know could connect dvd player hdmi output cable box hdmi output one hdmi input television	This is a common situation and by now you've solved it but seeing that your post is dated 9/15/08, I'll give you the solution for the benefit of others who may need it. 
range get antenna	less than 40 miles. I returned mine.
use antenna old type tvanalognot digital	It should work for old type analog TV's since the info says VHF channels 2-13 and UHF channels 14-69. That's what all TV's were designed for as long as you used the tuner built in to the TV. 
work dbvt2 channels	I'm really not sure of all the technical jargon, but I it says it is engineered to receive 1080i HDTV broadcasts not always available on satellite or cable.
hi two local channels transmit hiv signal get every channel purchased antenna work	I use the Terk on my garage television and I get almost every channel of the basic cable which I have inside the house. It works very well, I do recommend it.
headphones watching movies netflix	Fantastic
cable support audio video	Yes
want use bowling boise price range good bowling etc	I'm not sure about bowling, I wear them when I mow the lawn on my riding lawn mower :)
want use bowling good excersize	save your money until you can afford bose
long thing's cord	I know its been almost a moth since the original post but it is very confusing in the reviews about the cord length. I received my headphones three days ago and the cord is clearly 3 Meter long.
country sony mdrxd200 stereo studio dj headphones manufacture	Based on the poor construction, I'd say China.
looking next step sound quality mdrxd200 anyone recommend headphones fit criteria	The Sony MDR-XD300s, seems obvious, huh?
ipod classic sound good ipod classic sound nice loud full volume	yes, i have ipod classic and the sound is great with these speakers
sound quality bass good bass headphones	sounds kinda crappy to me =/ it gets that crackling noise if it's too loud/heavy. i'm no expert though
well also work computer well	Sure they will. They work on any computer. If you have a headphone jack, plug into that. Otherwise turn the computer volume waaay down and plug into the speaker jack. But before doing any of that look on your present speakers, they might have a headphone jack.
used sony walkman ca headphones use sony walkman	totally. they don't even draw a lot of power which means that you can crank up the tunes to ear splitting levels.
use one motion sensors activate one x10 chime module	yes.
headphones reduce airplane noise	Not at all, they don't really insulate much outside noise.
anyone tried compact flourescent led bulbs flicker work well asking many motion sensors work	I've been using several in my kitchen for many years. I am 100 percent satisfied.
make better sensor ms14a	Sorry, I not the distributor, I just have that one for sale
motion sensor set work dusk dawn	Yes, it can be programmed to work only dusk to dawn. The drawback is if you change batteries it has to be reprogrammed. Don't lose your instructions.
dimensions item large	about 2 1/2 by 2 1/2 by 1 1/4 inches deep
range 10 20 50ft	I have used it at a range of 20 ft but I expect it will work farther but not sure. I think the sensitivity is adjustable but I don't know the max range.
audio signal probably stupid question used audio signals	no, typical a unit such as DVD/TV/Receiver receives a IR signal from a remote. This is used to connect to a unit that sends a signal such that it mimics the IR from a remote thus changing channels etc. This would also connect to an IR repeater to let you hide your IR devices which are line of sight behind a curtain or door.
let get straight I clueless product compatible directv	This would be attached to another device (like a Tivo recorder), which would in turn be controlling your DirecTV receiver.
work denon x2000 receiver room ir inout port looks like 35 mm back	This is a 2.5mm so you need an adapter.
plug audio jack phone would able used ir smart remote app	Don't think so...
work comcast dct 2500 series	Yes it does
long smarthome website says 7 ft	That looks about right.
hi 1 2 ir leds 940nm thanks	I'm sorry, but I no longer use that item, so I'm not sure. It worked for my Series 2 TiVo though.
work hide explorer 8300hd cable box cablevision	Sorry, can't answer you question, as I ordered this item a looong time ago, so I can't even remember what it was that I used for (I think I was using it for an old direct tv satellite box, but again, not sure).
hook current dish hooked also	I don't know why you would need an antenna with satellite TV, but you can buy a coax adapter that has one connection on one end to connect to your TV and two connections on the other end to connect two devices (satellite and antenna).
loud	these are not powered and lack the oomph in my opinion. Depends on the application. IF you are going to use a powered amplifier they are fine but for something like an iPad or mobile device they are NOT loud.
could work electric drum set	Yes but I prefer my powered ones.
dynamic range phones	Not very good. These have pretty shallow sound.
cord length	+-12'
good evening could indicate weight headphones put box venezuelan although cost quite affordable need	I would say no more than 1 pound. I'm sorry I do not have specific weight that I can think it was
five coach lights outside control 3 swiches 3 different location hook else buy	In short, this is a radio transmitter, which sends a signal like "turn on light #3" or "turn off light #3" you need a receiver to hear that signal and you need a switch (or switches) to do something about it. (You might use 3 of these, one receiver, and 3 switches.)
volume adjustment headphones	No there isn't a button that controls the volume on th actual headphones. You have to adjust the volume with the actual device it's connected to.
anybody tried headphones ps3	This low-priced SONY does NOT have the bass for us to enjoy great sound produced by PS3. I use my other headsets (V-Moda) or (Tritton-PS3) for PS3.
use pair remember cord length 12 ft specs say 4ft right	The cord length is 12 ft. And they are good but the sound quality sucks on anything but t.V's and boom box.
good good condition one selling 14900	Not sure, but make certain it comes with the software to program it. Otherwise it won't work for you.
kind condition used remote many hours use seen model need second basement	Remote was used last about 3 years ago and I used about 2-3 years before switching remotes. It is in lightly used but perfect condition for someone who can program it for their system.
get editing software	I purchased this remote years ago, but I downloaded it from the universal remote web site.
cable included connect remote computer programming	Mine came with it.
3 instock	Yes, we do. We just updated our inventory for you. You may place your order. Thanks, Yvon Brice
provide manual help operate mx850	you can find a pdf version of the user manual at universal remotes website...they provide free downloads for their products
definitely requires software program one obtain mx850 software	You download it from the website onto your computer then you connect the remote to the computer to store the stings on the remote. I had someone do this for me.
please provide pointer mx850 editor software located unfortunately one remotes company provide editor software	Hello. I found this via Google. http://softadvice.informer.com/Mx_850_Editor_Software.html. If that doesnt work, I would go to your closest URC dealer and ask them if they can get a copy of it for you. Good luck
skype compatible anyone know model skype compatible	I just downloaded Skype for my Windows, and when I logged on it said to configure my webcam, so I'm guessing it picked it up. But, then Skype froze and I couldn't get it to work the rest of the night. So I'm just guessing that it works. I'll have to try again later. Hope this somewhat helps.
apple compatible	Actually, you may be in luck. Check this out, it's a nice list of PC webcams and the drivers necessary for them to work on a mac: http://www.ecamm.com/mac/ichatusbcam/configs.html "Logitech QuickCam Communicate STX - requires special pre-release macam driver." Found here: http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=44375&package_id=176091&release_id=434750
want use builtin mic	All programs should give you the option to choose your microphone source. You can choose to use the Logitech QuickCam microphone or any other valid source.
work windows 81	Yes. I bought this ages ago and it has been a champ for me since I got it, from XP to Vista to 7 to 8 RC, 8 release, and then 8.1.
compatible sony dsr 400	Works with DCR-HC42, DCR-HC90, DCR-PC55, DVD102/202/402 Three-watt video designed exclusively for compatible Handycam camcorders . I'm not sure if this is compatible to your sony DSR 400.
light hvlhl1 work sony hdrxr 160	Yes
compatible sony handycam dcrdvd92 receieve yet sure spot top	It has a new connection/fitting. This light gets the power from camcorder's battery. I cannot confirm but I don't think that it will fit on that camcorder.
sony hdr cx550 list written model whether good camera	it works good for me. it is easy to take to go everywhere. thankyou.
compatible sony hdr hc9 one know light comp sony hdr hc9	I have a HDR-HC9 and I am in the market for a video light. According to Sony on their web page this light: HVL-HL1 is compatible to the camcorder. Other compatible lighta are: HVL-HFL1 Combination Video Light and Flash, and HVL-HIRL Combination Video and Infrared Light.
hvlhl1 video light compatible sony cx430v handycam	If your cam has a video light chuck it will surely fit. Google it first to be sure. sony say if it will be compatible by giving your Model no. CX430V
acl200 compatible sony hdrpj540 camcorder	I don't know this type from Sony. When I bought my new Sony camcorder DCR=SR88 this adaptor (from my old camera) was compatible with the new one.
work hdrpj340	I only used for a DCR-SR68.
replacement sony hdr cx380 lost mine also need another part plug directly wall thank	Hi, The Sony AC-L200 AC Adapter is the compatible charger for the battery of your Sony HDR-CX380 Camcorder. Vincent
compatible new sony hdrcx405 camcorder	Hi Shelagh T., this Sony ACL200 is not compatible with your Sony HDR-CX405. -Ely
sony hanycam hdrsr10 one 3 prongs go dc outlet handycam station broken compatible	Sorry to inform you that I am not sure.
sony dcrsx41 camcorder cord adaptor compatible	I have a Sony DCR-SR88 camcorder and the sony AC-L200 adaptor so I think it will be compatible. I think it is universal for all Sony camcorders.
ac adaptor also charge hseries lithium batteries npfh60 npfh100 battery sony hdrsr10 handycam thank	Hi, I have lithium ion batteries and this charger definitely charges them with no problems. Bill
sony hvr z5n camera adapter need able power camera without rely battery power I new	Yes, this is the correct power adapter.
battery charger also good sony cybershot dschx100v	The best place to check is the Sony website. They show compatibilities.
light compatible sony fdrax100	Hi L.W. Eklund, this Sony HVL-HL1 has an active-interface type of hot shoe. You Sony FDR-AX100 uses multi-interface shoe. Since they are not compatible, you will be needing a shoe adapter, model # ADP-MAC for you to use this flash to your camcorder. -Ely
work sony handycam hdrcx240	nop rip off.
microphone come windscreen dead cat cover	No, it does not.
work sony handycam dcrsr68	As long as the camcorder has the hotshoe connevtion it should work. Sony Iis very propriotory Iin Iits attachments.
sony hvlhl1 video light compatible sony hdrtd20v 3d	Not sure.
work handy cam dvd dcd dvd403 ntsc camcorder	it might but need to make sure its Compatible with your Camera Make Sure I have the Product and works very well Awesome audio
work sony hdrsr10	I personally do not know, you will have to look up the manufacturer specs. I have the SD 2000 Sony HDD
ages good	It fits my three year old well and has for about a year (he has a large head) and it fits me well. I'm 32. HTH!
fold flat feature	Does not fold flat.
leapster explorer headphones work leapster explorer	yes
headphones used kindle fire hd device	My son (3 year old) uses his headphones with his Kindle Fire.
sound quality	Fine. Not as full as high-end headphones, obviously, but good enough for kids. Durability leaves A LOT to be desired, however. Two pairs broke on us in a matter of weeks before we abandoned the brand altogether and went with JLab.
worth plane rides I worried kids able hear well plane noise	Yes they are great and kids cannot use iPad or phone etc without them We love these
son 12 fit head expand	Yes. In fact, my husband and I often use this headphone set if our 7-yr old son leaves them near our laptop.
would recommend noise canceling taking toddler flight	Yes I would definitely they have worked for me so far, on car trips, airplane trips but I would say that maybe everybody's choices or opinions are different.
headphones used cd players	Our headphones will work with any device that has a standard 1.5mm (1/8") audio jack. This is representative of virtually all audio CD devices in the market today. We hope this helps. --- Kidz Gear Customer Support
ear pads come	No
work sony hdrsr5 active interfaces alike bought another sony microphone completely different hookup	Hello, Not sure, but my advice is don't bother. It doesn't sound very good.
jack size	All I know is that it fits my wireless landline phone. It does not fit my iPhone. The jack is too short. Hope that helps.
qd quick disconnect fitting end	yes
phone round plug jack could get build phone cord plug 25mm jack work	I had to buy a 2.5mm adapter which plugs into the phone and the other jack to use for my cellphone.
use w cell phone	Yes I used it with my iPhone 4s but you need the adaptor.
headset work panasonic landline model kxtga470	???? I do not know
bluetooth	No, in fact, it turned out to be a dud because a lot of the time it doesn't work and I need to jiggle the plug. The worst part is I can't tell if it is working until it is too late. A waste of money. I learned that it is best to stick with a wireless bluetooth device.
headset work galaxy wirless headset	No it will not and it's not wireless
fit office phone jack	I would suggest that you contact www.headsets.com They have an 800 number. They sell this headset and would be able to answer your question. I think it is designed for cordless phones only...but not sure I'm right. Good luck. Mike
extra orings	Thanks for your question, After searching our catalog, I found some o-rings that may match what you need here:
settings change settings underwatersuch pictures video setting dsc w5	you sure can, this picture does not do it justice. Ill take a snapshot of the item here in just a sec to show you more
work cisco console cable	This was my primary use and worked well with my Cisco Console cables on Linux and Windows
device work windows 80	Yes. It is plug and play with windows 8.0.
work usb 30	If your asking about the usb 3.0 port on your computer then yes. But this cable will not perform at usb 3.0 speeds
inline volume mute button	Yes, it has both mute and volume controls. I use them both daily.
work connecting samsung tv usb computer vga	No, this does not have a VGA connector. It is a standard RS-232 connector.
hi like know model mpkwa marine pack dscw1w5w7 also works sony dscwx9	Works great with my W5. 50 dives to 100+ feet, but can't tell you about the wx9. Try Sony support.
work windows 8 laptop	Never tried it with Windows 8. Let me know if it works.
know version prolific chip set uses	Hi, I use it with Linux but the Info I have is 0x067b for the vendor, 0x2303 PL2303 Serial port, V4.00. I have had no problems with it so far. Mark
monitors additional monitor one vga output desktop computer cord trick	VGA is 15 pins and this Serial is only 9 so you will probably need a different adapter
cable able connect hp 49g calculator computer thanks	Sorry, don't know. I bought it to connect between a PC and a router in my networking class. Hope you get your answer.
used give steady 120ish v power input 220v foreign country asking much	Absolutely NOT!! That is too much voltage.
run dual monitors cord already software named multiplicity installed desktop need another monitor	This device is used to connect 9pin RS-232 serial devices to newer computers that do not have a legacy serial port. It will not work with 15pin VGA connections.
adjust input voltage 120 v want lower	This is a voltage regulator. What this means: America's standard household wiring should be at 120 volts.
long power cable unit	I don't have it in front of me, but it is probably 3 1/2 ft long. It is a thicker cable but not very long. Here is link to the data sheet for more specs about it. (nothing about cable length) http://www.opti-ups.com/FilesUpload/eM97462105/56.SS1200SS2000.pdf
also help electrical based noise shows digital recordings like furman power conditioner	I noticed that it lowered the single coil noise on my squire strat guitar. Based on that observation, you are right, it does lower the electrical noise.
work clothes washer much higher power demand pc equipment ideas higher power regulator	Probably not. Some washers and especially dryers usually take 220 instead of 110.
wall outlet puts 968 v 115 v converts low power constant 120 v 6 outlets back hot	First of all its going to run really hot. It's not going to give you a constant 120 volts maybe 117 but thats still safe for you eletronics. 
use batteries like ups	No
unit push 600 watts continuously 600 watts depending demand I looking connect electronics portable generator sometimes want stabilize voltage however want steady 600 watt draw	I believe it is a passive device unless, the voltage is too low, it kicks it up or when the voltage is too high, it lowers it. It does have to use some wattage because it is "on" while it is waiting for power fluctuations even if you aren't using connected devices.
get remote codes bluray players got seems accept 3 digit codes	If you can't find the codes you can teach it by Puting the remote in to learn setting. An putting the two remotes facing each other and teach what buttons you want to do what. This is what I did.
used plug wall socket plug power surge socket	Yes. Make sure you don't overload this unit, like with a shop vac, etc or the circuit breaker will trip. Great unit.
reprogram remote new cable box	Don't know about cable, but I've reprogrammed it through 3 new satellite boxes. Read instructions for pairing the new cable remote with the MX-350.
program multiple satellite receivers sat 1 sat 2 sat 3 allow 1 satellite receiver	I have found that I could not do this. I may be wrong, suggest downloading users manual to find out for sure.
remote work directv box using rf	Yes
remote work cox contour box anyone know rf remote	Yes and no.... Let me explain. It should work if you are using this remote as IR. But chances are if you are buying this remote you are using it for the RF feature which sends signals thru the wall. If using as RF remote, It does but not by itself.
number pads stuck clean device cover come	Sorry, never had to
cord allow plug back desktop second monitor via vga run dual monitor multiplicity instal	No, this is a serial to USB adapter. It has nothing to do with VGA or video.
come receiver sensors run individual component like dvd directv media player ect	No. It interfaces directly with device to be controlled. The device to be controlled must be remote controllable.
remote say mx350 bottom middle osiris	It says MX-350
marry mx350 directv satelliye remote	First, if your direct tv remote uses blue tooth for its control, as does my roku, you will not be able to pair to the mx350. Second, look for a compatible code and follow the instructions in the mx350 user manual. Third, no compatible code? Then manually pair function by function your direct tv remote to a listed device on the mx350.
operate roku 2	The MX350 can be manually programmed using the Roku remote so I don't see why not.
one completeley white top printable untill hole like ones sold costco	No, they look similar but are made by a different manufacturer for Sony. The Costco units were made by a Sony exclusive factory and coded "Sony 16D1" while the new ones are made by MBI in India and coded "01RG40".
spindle &amp plastic cover protect discs new ones shrink wrapped fall opened	The entire yellow and black you see is a plastic wrap. Once that is removed a quarter turn of a full height plastic cover comes off with a spindle of DVD's inside.
use cable run dual monitors currently software named multiplicity installed desktop computer allows run dual	No this is a serial port adapter Video monitors do not connect to a serial port
double sided discs 60min side data storage sony handycam minidvdrs	No they're not mini disc and they have 120 minutes on them. No they're not double sided disc's. The disc can store up to a total of 4 gigabytes of memory.
mini dvdr discs standard dvd size	They are standard size dvd-r discs.
order product selling exactly pictured 100 disc spindle yellow packaging	mine was little different in color. starts at bottom with kinda orange and turns shades going up ending at white. HOWEVER, product was what is being offered, DVD-R 4.7GB 1X16X 100each. they are fine with no errors to date. I was very happy with the purchase.
version 20 21	mine are 2.0
sony dvdr manufactured	The white printables that were sold at Costco (NO LONGER) used to be manufactured by Daxon in Japan and were great. Daxon went out of business in early 2010. These Sony's are now being made by Lead Data in Malaysia or possibly Taiwan these are listed as second tier media. http://www.digitalfaq.com/reviews/dvd-media.htm
sony dvdr white printable surface	I assume you mean a "lightscribe" type of DVD? If yes, the answer is no. Just a normal DVD or CD surface in which you can write your information. These are not the type you can burn your information.
need use kindle paperwhite	Yes if you do not want to use your computer to charge your Kindle. That is why I use it and it is well worth the money. It is priced very reasonable for everyone to have this. Enjoy your Kindle Paperwhite....I LOVE mine.
kindle paperwhite come charger	mine came with a usb charger to charge the kindle from a computer...I purchased a plug separately from Amazon and it works a treat.
wall charger old kindle dx willl wall chargerusb port charger work paperwhite 3g	Yes you should be able to use the same USB charger for both. I have been able to use the same USB rapid charger for all my kindles.
nexus 7 tablet would nexus 7 wall charger work kindle paper white	Works on our Paper white.
used charger kindle touch also bundle charger along new kindle white maybe	Not sure about this charger fitting the Touch but it does fit the PaperWhite and Kindle Fire HDX...PaperWhite does not come with a charger.
item listed discontinued please let know japan manufactured discs sony used sell	I am not sure. I ordered once and was very pleased. I ordered them again months late and hated the results. They were not as pictured. They were packaged poorly in two seperate sections. 
length cord	The cord is approximately 4' long.
work newest kindle paperwhite	Yes it does!
use kindle fire hd charger paper white kindle	My wife has a Fire and I have a paper white and I have used one charger for both on occasion. To be safe you should look at the specs. for both devices and the charger to ensure you will not damage your Kindles. I know this is not a definitive answer but I tend to be cautious with expensive items.
work kindle paperwhite	Yes, it does. I have the original Paperwhite, not the latest incarnation.
charger good battery	I use a Sony model # BC-V615 battery charger It has a AC in rating of 100-240v 50-60Hz 12w and a DC out rating of 8.4v 0.6A
work sony handycam	Hi Steve, you can provide us the exact model of your Sony Handycam so that we can assist you further. Thanks! -Ely
battery fit canon eos 30d	No it won't. Not even close. I believe you need a BP-511 for the 30D. But look it up.
many need operate neewer 216 led light	We bought one that seems to last a good long time - but bought another one just in case.
replace npf975 battery	Unfortunately this battery is not similar to the NPF-975 therefore no it cannot replace the NPF-975.
battery compatible canon t5i	Sorry, no. You need a LP-E8 battery, or a generic version. The Sony battery was only used in older Sony camcorders, and Mavica digital cameras, etc....
battery work neewer cn 126 led light	Yes
long last using batterie led 160s lamp	For me it lasts about a month using it on my 160 video Led light. That could be broken down into 10 minute intervals, used a few times a week for a month. But it lasts over a hour and a half at full brightness, and make my leds more powerful than the 6 AA option. Plus its saves me a lot of money, rather than buying the Duracell AA 48 Pack. :)
actual fitting battery holderpouch market protect use	There is no battery holder for this NP-F550. We suggest placing the battery in a sandwich back for protection from any external damage. We appreciate your inquiry. Alex G
chargine kindle whitepaper	the boxwave does charge the kindle paperwhite but it does take longer than with the charger that comes with the paperwhite.
rayovac battery ray096fly 10volt 2ah sla want see battery orderlet know	Mike, Do you have your owner manual. If not try typing in your camcorder make/model under accessories "Battery and check too see if the model of your battery matches your old on. G. Ferguson
work model cc433	Box states it works on 400 & 500 Series Full size VHS camcorders
found model cc414 would battery work	Dear Valued Customer Yes, this is the correct battery. Please let us know if you need anything else.
battery work rca model dsp3	Sorry I cannot help. I used this battery on my old RCA model CC416.
much mah	no it don't say on battery. but I had the battery over a year and I recorded about 1 1/2 hours on Christmas today I looked at the camera it still has 228 minutes left on battery. hopes that helps you.
wenger swissgear maxxum looks identical want confirm purchasing	NO i do not believe it is. I am extremely disappointing with this one. Problems I have: the swissgear logo on the back is upside down ( I like to think that this would have been noticed at swissgear), the zippers are horrible. the main pocket is already messed up and will not zip properly.
maxxum chest strap comfortable	It has a chest strap, but due to the weight of the bag, it can add strain to your neck if all of the straps on the bag aren't tight enough. I wish that this bag also had a waist strap. After wearing this all day I usually have soreness in my shoulders, too.
hi fit 156'' hp probook 450 g1 147'' x 1009'' x 9'' thanks	Probably not. When I bought mine a few years ago, I had a 15.6" HP Pavilion dv6. I couldn't fit the laptop in the correct pocket without a small part of the laptop sticking out. Instead I bought a simple HP sleeve to store my laptop and put it in the opening next to the laptop pocket.
work rca autoshot 72x model cc4352 late uncle left camera battery dead	Jessie: The best way to find out is to look up your manual on the net, probably you can find it at the RCA website. Look up the battery you need and go from there. RCA (actually Hitachi) made about 25 different models and it seems they had a different battery for all of them. I hope that helps. Ric.
work rca battery pack stock nocb06012v800mah	This battery is made for the full size RCA VHS camcorders. Without seeing your camera or charger, that's a tough one to answer.
fit 156 screen asus vivobook v500 dimensions 151 x 102 x 08	Yes it will for sure. It fits my dell of similar dimension.
two sets used together however us watching dvd together mean need use set headphones well using one	Probably yes. Your DVD (or stereo) output jack will sense the headphone jack and will mute the output to the speakers. You can however have two head-phone sets running from the single transmitter, each with your own volume setting. Good luck.
rs140 vs rs130	Almost the same, except one is open aire and the other (RS140) is closed. Closed has more isolation and bass. I prefer the RS140 for the isolation. For ultimate frequency response the open aire is very slightly better (more sibilant/transient). But its the same design and circuitry only the pads are different: open or closed.
sanyo fvm4612 audio jack appears spdif jack use digital audio cable connect home theater work	Take a look at the picture and description of this Toslink cable to see if it will work... http://www.amazon.com/D3-Digital-Converter-Optical-Toslink/dp/B005K2TXMO/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top If you are not sure, you can call Senheisser's 800#, they are extremely knowledgeable and helpful when I had questions about the 140's, one in particular was a cable question that I didn't even know existed and it fixed my connection issue. Here is their USA number: Toll Free: 1-(877)-736-6434. Hope this helps. ~M
accomodate laptop sleeve fit pocket extra bulk maccase sleev	Yes, it will.
connections rs140sansung 650 tv workable solution	Not familiar with your TV, but on my Vizio, there is an RCA Audio Out. I use this for my headphones, works great. Cannot put TV on mute however, thus you also lose sound in headphones. To use headphones alone, just reduce volume on TV. Hope this might help.
wireless work plasma tv	Most quality audio/visual equipment is shielded to prevent electrical noise from interfering with electronic devices. 
exactly much headphones weigh without chargertransmitter base	I don't know how much they weigh, but they're light enough that it's easy to forget you have them on.
picture connector cannot order sure work	comes with power supply and cables . tested and it works
one phone working	I assume you have tried adjusting the dial that controls the balance between the two "ears". If not, that might be the answer. If you have, then you may be plugging into a connector that is not stereo or the headset is defective. Can't think of another option.
backpack wellpadded laptop sides including bottom also 156 laptop fit alright	I just tested mine. It's well-padded on the sides. Not so much on the bottom. I don't know what brand of laptop you use, so I can't speak to that with complete accuracy. It will depend partly on the thickness. But I use a similar laptop, and never had a problem with mine.
trying decide btw maxxum ibex like color better computer smaller need 17 ibex might weigh less	Not sure what to tell you. Go with the Ibex if you like the color...
canon digital rebel vs nikon d50 would experienced photogs reccomend	Big hands - Nikon, Small hands - XT. Budget - Pentax K100D, so you can save some bucks on non-stabilized lenses (it's in the body).
looking good startup camera one would good camera beginner would take semipro career	Let me start with a few obligatory questions: how much experience do you have with photography, what do you want to photograph, and how much are you willing to spend?? The Rebel XT is a great camera. You can start learning on it, and continue with it for a long time.
better nikkon d50 camera nikon d50 would suitable	I do not think that you will be disappointed with either camera as Canon and Nikon both make great cameras. I actually compare the DR XT to the D70s for features.
bought xt learning still lens recommendations would good camera beginner would take semipro career	Here is a greast site for lens discussions. www.dpreview.com Go to the forum for Canon lens talk. The 50mm 1.8 is a great portrait lens. 
particular item buying wondering acutal pictures say much wear tear	Please contact Amazon customer service for an answer. It has been my experience on Amazon that photos are all stock, and do not show the specific item you will receive.
lens xt xti questions extra 2 mp cleaning system worth $200	Todd- I've talked to a few professional photographers and semi-professionals and they've all said the same thing...the XT is an excellent camera and the differences between the two are not worth the extra money. Buy the XT and invest in a good lens. Those with "is usm" have autofocus and image stabilization. By chance, have you ever ordered a camera through Amazon before? I'm wondering if it will contain the original USA Warranty. Thanks and Good Luck!
high speed compactflash card help	As a rule of thumb, the read/write performance will be affected by the size, but not proportionally. For example, a 4GB card will be slower than a 1GB, but not 4 times as slow. These cameras do benefit from fast card, especially when taking advantage of the burst mode. 
come mem card	You will need to buy one. My camera (I bought the kit with the basic lens) arrived in the mail today, but I had shopped around for the best deal on the memory card and that won't arrive for another two days, so I can't use it yet.
persistent error 99 code digital rebel xt anyone encountered problem got solution without sending unit back canon	Send it back ASAP As it in warranty as Error 99 is a general error some time due to a out of range setting in manual mode setting in the camera, bad lens and flash mounts plus more one thing to remember digital cameras with auto lens are very complex thing Thus more things to go wrong. Canon makes a ton of these, so some can be bad which is why we have warranty's
better nikkon d50 camera nikon d50 would suitable	I do not think that you will be disappointed with either camera as Canon and Nikon both make great cameras. I actually compare the DR XT to the D70s for features. 
canon digital rebel vs nikon d50 would experienced photogs reccomend	Big hands - Nikon, Small hands - XT. Budget - Pentax K100D, so you can save some bucks on non-stabilized lenses (it's in the body).
bought xt learning still lens recommendations would good camera beginner would take semipro career	Here is a greast site for lens discussions. www.dpreview.com Go to the forum for Canon lens talk. The 50mm 1.8 is a great portrait lens.
looking good startup camera one would good camera beginner would take semipro career	Let me start with a few obligatory questions: how much experience do you have with photography, what do you want to photograph, and how much are you willing to spend?? The Rebel XT is a great camera. You can start learning on it, and continue with it for a long time.
comfortable small head lying	No, it would not be comfortable to have headphone on and lying down.
high speed compactflash card help	As a rule of thumb, the read/write performance will be affected by the size, but not proportionally. For example, a 4GB card will be slower than a 1GB, but not 4 times as slow.
come mem card	You will need to buy one. My camera (I bought the kit with the basic lens) arrived in the mail today, but I had shopped around for the best deal on the memory card and that won't arrive for another two days, so I can't use it yet.
persistent error 99 code digital rebel xt anyone encountered problem got solution without sending unit back canon	Send it back ASAP As it in warranty as Error 99 is a general error some time due to a out of range setting in manual mode setting in the camera, bad lens and flash mounts plus more one thing to remember digital cameras with auto lens are very complex thing Thus more things to go wrong.
particular item buying wondering acutal pictures say much wear tear	Please contact Amazon customer service for an answer. It has been my experience on Amazon that photos are all stock, and do not show the specific item you will receive.
better nikkon d50 camera nikon d50 would suitable	I do not think that you will be disappointed with either camera as Canon and Nikon both make great cameras. I actually compare the DR XT to the D70s for features. The best thing to do is go to a camera store and handle each camera. Check out the menu settings, how easy it is to change settings while you're shooting, etc. 
canon digital rebel vs nikon d50 would experienced photogs reccomend	Big hands - Nikon, Small hands - XT. Budget - Pentax K100D, so you can save some bucks on non-stabilized lenses (it's in the body).
rebel xt vs xti worth paying almost extra $200 get xti	I'm no expert, but during my research on the same question I found the following: 1) The difference between The 8MP on the XT and 10MP on the XTi is virtually undetectable until you attempt very large prints. At standard sharp resolution (300 DPI) even a 7.2 MP camera will give you an excellent 8X10 print.
bought xt learning still lens recommendations would good camera beginner would take semipro career	Here is a greast site for lens discussions. www.dpreview.com Go to the forum for Canon lens talk.
looking good startup camera one would good camera beginner would take semipro career	Let me start with a few obligatory questions: how much experience do you have with photography, what do you want to photograph, and how much are you willing to spend?? The Rebel XT is a great camera. You can start learning on it, and continue with it for a long time. 
lens xt xti questions extra 2 mp cleaning system worth $200	Todd- I've talked to a few professional photographers and semi-professionals and they've all said the same thing...the XT is an excellent camera and the differences between the two are not worth the extra money. Buy the XT and invest in a good len
high speed compactflash card help	As a rule of thumb, the read/write performance will be affected by the size, but not proportionally. For example, a 4GB card will be slower than a 1GB, but not 4 times as slow. These cameras do benefit from fast card, especially when taking advantage of the burst mode. 
come mem card	You will need to buy one. My camera (I bought the kit with the basic lens) arrived in the mail today, but I had shopped around for the best deal on the memory card and that won't arrive for another two days, so I can't use it yet.
persistent error 99 code digital rebel xt anyone encountered problem got solution without sending unit back canon	Send it back ASAP As it in warranty as Error 99 is a general error some time due to a out of range setting in manual mode setting in the camera, bad lens and flash mounts plus more one thing to remember digital cameras with auto lens are very complex thing Thus more things to go wrong.
particular item buying wondering acutal pictures say much wear tear	Please contact Amazon customer service for an answer. It has been my experience on Amazon that photos are all stock, and do not show the specific item you will receive.
canon digital rebel vs nikon d50 would experienced photogs reccomend	Big hands - Nikon, Small hands - XT. Budget - Pentax K100D, so you can save some bucks on non-stabilized lenses (it's in the body).
better nikkon d50 camera nikon d50 would suitable	I do not think that you will be disappointed with either camera as Canon and Nikon both make great cameras. I actually compare the DR XT to the D70s for features.
looking good startup camera one would good camera beginner would take semipro career	Let me start with a few obligatory questions: how much experience do you have with photography, what do you want to photograph, and how much are you willing to spend?? The Rebel XT is a great camera. You can start learning on it, and continue with it for a long time. 
beeping noise range way eliminate beeping noise head phone range	WarpSpeed Yes, Push and hold down the RF tuning for 5 seconds (Center button right ear cup) to shut off beep signals Ace LeRoy
lens xt xti questions extra 2 mp cleaning system worth $200	Todd- I've talked to a few professional photographers and semi-professionals and they've all said the same thing...the XT is an excellent camera and the differences between the two are not worth the extra money. Buy the XT and invest in a good lens.
bought xt learning still lens recommendations would good camera beginner would take semipro career	Here is a greast site for lens discussions. www.dpreview.com Go to the forum for Canon lens talk. The 50mm 1.8 is a great portrait lens. 
lens xt xti questions extra 2 mp cleaning system worth $200	Todd- I've talked to a few professional photographers and semi-professionals and they've all said the same thing...the XT is an excellent camera and the differences between the two are not worth the extra money. Buy the XT and invest in a good lens.
particular item buying wondering acutal pictures say much wear tear	Please contact Amazon customer service for an answer. It has been my experience on Amazon that photos are all stock, and do not show the specific item you will receive.
high speed compactflash card help	As a rule of thumb, the read/write performance will be affected by the size, but not proportionally. For example, a 4GB card will be slower than a 1GB, but not 4 times as slow. These cameras do benefit from fast card, especially when taking advantage of the burst mode.
come mem card	You will need to buy one. My camera (I bought the kit with the basic lens) arrived in the mail today, but I had shopped around for the best deal on the memory card and that won't arrive for another two days, so I can't use it yet.
good birding whale watching love price sure brand unknown	I have these and use them for birding and think they are good. I even bought a pair for my daughter. I am very impressed with them and they are great for the price.
binoculars twistup eyecups accomodate eyeglass wearers	Yes, but my wife prefers not to wear her glasses because she can focus without them.
made	Not shown on binoculars or booklet, but I found an article that says most are made by contractors in China.
somebody else hear tv using headphones produce echo	There is no "echo" per se, but these are an "open" design. This allows the wearer to hear at least a little of the room around while wearing them, but also allows others to hear a little of the sound especially if it is really loud.
cannot figure work tv anyone suggestion return product	The best way is to route your TV's audio output to your A/V receiver, and use the outputs on the receiver to drive the headphones, switching the speakers off. 
charge hdr130 headphone rs120 charging base	I use both the 120 and the 130 headsets. The 130 has more features and also has slightly more base. Since I have high frequency hearing loss, I prefer the 120.
use regular batteries sennheiser rs130 batteries die rs130 replace regular rechargeable batteries	Yes, you can replace the rechargeable batteries with regular alkaline or even heavy duty batteries.
3 years worked fine recently pick sound source minutes loud buzz wrong	I have had mine at least rhat long and have not had problem. Maybe battery?
wireless headphones running treadmill anyone experience running rs 130ish headphones	They look far too bulky to stay on while running. Not to mention how they would get sweat all over. I'm in the market for something to wear on the treadmill as well, but not having great luck.
help wrong	I don't have this unit, but usually headphones have to be plugged into a headphone jack on the TV in order to mute the speakers.
switch headphones speakers mean every time want listen speakers need unplug charging base	You need a multimedia switch. Check out this site: http://www.cyberguys.com/templates/SearchDetail.asp?productID=2696
headphones block room noise block piano sound well enough allow enjoy television program	I recently bought a pair of Sennheiser RS120s and doubt that they'll block out the piano on their own...perhaps at maximum volume, but over time, that would not be good for your hearing.
office mac installed	Only if the preveous owner had it and left it installed.
watch youtube videos go facebook&gt	Yes, but it is ridiculously slow.
install photoshop cs4 laptop	Nope. It says on the Adobe Photoshop system requirements that you need a Mac with a G5 processor, e.g. PowerMac G5 or an Intel Mac with multiple cores. You also need Mac OS X 10.4.11 or 10.5 on said Mac.
wireless feature	yes airport. i love these g4s. bought 5 so far
saucing titanium os classic	My PowerBook has Mac OS X 10.4, but you should send a message to the specific seller to know what it's running on.
add one hdr130 headphone receiver existing basetransmitter rs130	You would need to have a base unit for each set of headphones to keep the batteries charged. However, only ONE base unit is to be plugged into your sound system or TV. If that is done, then yes, both will receive the signal. That's how we have it set up.
play minecraft mac	No you will want a newer intel white macbook at a minimum
computer aluminum white	aluminum. Powerbook not macbook
powerbook g4 os installed cleared would also like good seller buy know one	Because they are used it all depends on that specific laptop. You shoud contact the seller for more information. I would buy from pacific mac
include wall charger battery	Yes
wifi	Yes it has an airport card but it's a lol outdated so don't expect great results
itunes	No
download minecraft	Yes! You just have to download the .jar version. Remember this is an old computer. It is from January 2005. Even though it work great for graphics because it has a ATI Mobility Radeon 9700 with 128mb of VRAM.
itunes	iTunes 10 is the latest you can run.
download pc sims game	I don't think so... Because this Machine is too old
year	I'm not sure, but I wouldn't buy anything from this seller. The seller doesn't stand by their products.
play roller coaster tycoon computer	It really depends if it's already on a cd being this is a old model of Apple product 2007 you can not even update this model to the newest update ... You will just have to try it out and see some games due work and some due not a big downfall for me...
much weigh	Sorry, Lynn, but I don't have any scales to weigh them. However, I can say that they are not lightweight. That's the bad news. The good news is that they have a strap that distributes the weight more evenly than most straps, and so they are not unbearable. Besides, they are excellent binocs!
drive 25 35 size	3.5 in size
pata drive	this is not a SATA drive - it is the older type.
autoreverse issue thank	http://m.instructables.com/id/How-to-cure-car-cassette-adapter-quotauto-revers/
use boombox play mp3 player	As long as your boo-boo has a cassette player then it should work fine.
anyone bought used 94 chevy s10 wondering work work truck thanks	if you have a cassette player, it will work...did great for me!
work 2004 honda oddyssey anything	return it
laptop supports wifiburn cds &amp dvds	Yes tris model does
produces weird rewinding sound every seconds fix	That's the auto reverse, and you cat unless you physically open and mess with it.
work iphone 5	Yes, it works with anything that has a headphone jack.
work ipod	Yes it would. It connects through the headphones jack, but the reliability as I mentioned in my review is something to be cautious about.
used iphone well	Sure can!
2001 lexus rx300 cassette keeps making clicking noises anything faulty product thanks	I would say faulty product. I bought one and it was total garbage. Made clicking and static noise and only played through one speaker. They replaced it and the new one seems ok but still not the highest quality but if I remember the price was really good.
anyone know would work fiat punto 2004 12	It is not about the car, it is more about your stereo's ability to play cassette tapes in general. If your car can play cassette tapes then this will definitely work!
ohms resistance speakers	8 ohms. But keep in mind they're not not very efficient so you'll need good power to drive them to 'party' levels. Also, many of these intstallations are distant from the amp, so on a 50 ft run, if you use less than 12ga wire, the effective resistance will increase significantly, meaning even a more powerful amp needed.
connect new computers	You use IDE SATA Adapter to connect to new computers. If the new computer have 40 PIN IDE Connector, then use regular 40 pin Ide Cable to connect the hard drive.
picking two deck area thinking also picking third go firepit approx 75ft runissues	We have six of these in our backyard! We love the surround sound and love the sound of these! We highly recommend a third!
want confirm speakers waterproof weatherproof	Used it outdoor for 2.5 years now. So far, so good. I'm is Asia, where it rains abt 3-4 days a week. So far, so good.
anyone installed closer home three feet exterior wall still sound good	Yes - I installed these near a wall and I believe that it actually helps carry the sound better throughout the yard. Hope this helps!
plan setting 2 speakers 30'50' amp gauge wire use	16 gauge should be OK.
would add sub tic makes	Guess it depends on your type of music and what kind of head unit is supplying the speakers. I'm using an older Yamaha receiver and listening to mostly Classic Vinyl on Sirius and the bass sounds ok to me.
many speakers come one order mean two one stereo channel	You only get one speaker per order. I purchased two speakers and truly love them. I have them around the pool and they can play clear and loud.
considered bose freespace 51 speakers purchase still happy tics	Bose is way overpriced and the sound was comparable
well really say isalsodoes charger dont one sooooo ya	The computer is now dated, so don't expect to have all the same features as the latest model, but if ya just want a big screen to watch dvd's and a decent experience on the web, it's good :) as for productivity, the apps on it are decent but ya can't update it, which leads to a dated experience, but still enjoyable.
would speaker sound ok 50 watts pushing	I couldn't tell you but they don't need a lot of power for them to sound good. I have them running off a Samsung 7.1 1000 watt receiver. 
speakers environment lots sprinklers withstand water ok	Have had one for over 9 years in a sprinkled area with no issue
I unable find msacpc4 memory card line memory stick compatible camera	that's a good question. if you are having a hard time finding it you might have to contact Sony and ask them. I believe this is an old camera.
many one hour movies record discs thanks	2 at high quality
sudden photos blurred could memory old	I could be wrong, but it sounds like some thing might be dirty... I'm not sure if that camera has a sensor or not..
converting vhs tapes dvd's first video file says 301 kb size actual number minutes video 1 hour 40 min load one dvd burner get message saying file large cd	My burning program offers me the choice of best, better, and good qualities.
problem ever recording dvds bought trying 12 dvds give record	I have used these for years, with only 1% bad..I find that the "-R" work on my computer and "+" work on my dvd recorder..
color disc top surface print disc	The top is silver. You can print on the disc but you have to use a marker. I use a sharpie.
bought 100 pack memorex dvdr's dvd player pops says dvd's recordable	I buy the DVD's and a friend records them for me since I don't have that capability. If using a computer, I'm not computer savvy enough to say for sure. If using an external DVD recording device - - I don't know. Sorry I couldn't be or more help.
able videos added sd card need rewrittable dvd sure one	These are not rewritable. For that you should get a DVD labeled +RW. On the +R you can add new material at the end if the disk is not full and it has not been finalized.
anyone tell battery life using cameras batteries last long like burn 1020 minutes	Depends how you're using your camera. If you're taking photos - you'll get approx. 4-6 hours of use, indoor photos with a flash will use up more of your batteries, and taking movies will absolutely eat up your batts, so yes, 10-20 minutes sounds normal if you are taking movies.
would fit fuji finepix s4000	No Nikon DLSR's only.
difference dvdr dvdr	DVD+R divides a recorded title into chapters, making it easier to access something in the middle when playing it back. DVD-R treats each title as a single unit, requiring you to fast forward to anything in the middle.
lense work nikon d3100	I have a D3000 and a D5100. It works with both so it should work on a D3100, but truth is I have not had time to play with it so can't say how good it works.
new dslr buying nikon 3300 soon mainly sports photography kids lens work well 2550 yds away thanks advance	No. This lens is manual focus and made for long distance shots. It is also pretty heavy. I would try a Tamron 50-200mm
mount screw right camera extra piece	It comes with a T- mount that screws into the shell and the lens mounts onto it. I found it a little grating when screwing it in but I have not seen any damage to the camera.
lens fit nikon d3000 since 67 mm d3000 52mm come adapter would purchase	Hi there. I purchased this product last year. It comes with an adapter ring and works perfectly on my Nikon D3100.
plan readrecord books pc wwindows7 good compatible set	I find that the microphone records quite well, but the sound from the computer speakers is not cut off so there is no play back through the earphones.
find memory stick pro dscw7	Hi Robert, The DSC-W7 camera is compatible with a Memory Stick Pro up to 4GB which you can purchase thru this link: http://www.amazon.com/Sony-Memory-Stick-ProDuo-MSMT4G/dp/B0013AX2JM/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1413575248&sr=8-2&keywords=Memory+stick+pro Vincent
xbox 360 rock band 3 compatible headset compatible rock band 3 xbox 360	Yeah, I have that same problem. Rockband really screwed up a good thing. I won't buy 4 or anymore they come out with.
usb headset work ps3 specify usb headsets universal general stuck cheapo bluetooth one comes warhawk	Only USB Headsets that are USB Certified (Carry the official USB Logo) or created by SCEA will work with your Ps3 so cheap ones might not.
hi includes pair spacers one spacer	You get the pair (that's two), one for each door. They're very sturdy for being plastic and my 6.5" component woofers fit great after some minor modification being as they were 6.75". You can't go wrong with these.
actually external diameter spacers	6.75 inches
orders 65 speakers 1999 cadillac seville sts fit factory adapter needing adapter fits car	Hi A , Don't waste your money on this.I had to male plywood cutouts myself using Dremel.
difference r r used data storage video thanks	This may be better researched on Wikipedia but the short version is there is no difference (some older players had compatibility issues but they should all be gone by now...+R was usually more compatible with more systems) You can use these as video, music and data storage.
dital camera	No, this does not have a digital camera built in. You might be better off to buy a digital camera with "MACRO" setting if your intention is to take close up pictures.
used power point sound recording	I assume so, but can't say definitely-am not up on my tech electronic recording fine points. Hopefully someone else may have a correct answer for you.
howe long cord	It looks to be about 6'... the headset works great!
would perform well trying identify snakes hiding rock ledges would within 1020 feet	Yes, absolutely. You can be standing 6 feet from them and focus down on the top of their heads with great detail...Hope this helps.
would work ok someone wears glasses based picture looks like might problem	YOU CANNOT WEAR GLASSES
sigma 1020mm come lens hood sigma 1020mm come lens hood	Yes it does. 
sigma 1020mm work nikon d80 series shoot high quality photos indoors small rooms	A quick internet search says the lens is compatible with the Nikon D80. As for high quality photos indoors-- the focal length of the lens is great for indoor rooms (not sure what you mean by small). High quality depends on your skills ;o
good lens interiors real estate photos	I would assume so. The width at 10mm (16mm for most sensors) does not present too much distortion and encompasses quite a bit of view.
lens apsc camera work full frame cameras	Sigma DC lens are designed primarily for APS-C sensors (comparable to Canon's EF-S lens). They will work on full frame sensors but, as I understand it, the edges of the photo will be affected (darkened...) because the lens does not provide full coverage of the sensor.
sigma 1020mm manual focus nikon d3100 ideas	I read somewhere there was a ring on the lens you turned for that
fast accurate auto focus	In broad daylight, not too bad....in low light - pretty terrible. That said, I don't hardly use autofocus, and overall this lens is a good buy. I don't regret it.
attached tripod	Yes, it can attach to a tripod
know every review says great closeup viewing far distance	If you are an extremely serious birder, they probably aren't the best but, that said, distance viewing is just fine....not spectacular but certainly good enough for identification and observation. Be sure to get the 8.5x21 and not the 6.5x21. BTW, they adjust very quickly from close in viewing to distance viewing....and they are lightweight enough that you don't mind carrying them on a long hike. I love them!
sigma 1020mm f456 ex dc hsm lens take 4 5 people close see face real good	It will be easier with this this lens than with a lens thats not as wide, but people tend to look more natural around 50-85mm
lens work canon eos rebel t5i require canon mount get canon mount	This lens will fit the EOS Rebel T5i. The Rebel has an Canon EF mount and will accept EF and EFS Lenses.
sigma 1020mm come lens hood sigma 1020mm come lens hood	Yes it does.
sigma 1020mm work nikon d80 series shoot high quality photos indoors small rooms	A quick internet search says the lens is compatible with the Nikon D80. As for high quality photos indoors-- the focal length of the lens is great for indoor rooms (not sure what you mean by small). High quality depends on your skills ;o
lens apsc camera work full frame cameras	Sigma DC lens are designed primarily for APS-C sensors (comparable to Canon's EF-S lens). They will work on full frame sensors but, as I understand it, the edges of the photo will be affected (darkened...) because the lens does not provide full coverage of the sensor.
fast accurate auto focus	In broad daylight, not too bad....in low light - pretty terrible. That said, I don't hardly use autofocus, and overall this lens is a good buy. I don't regret it.
good lens interiors real estate photos	I would assume so. The width at 10mm (16mm for most sensors) does not present too much distortion and encompasses quite a bit of view.
sigma 1020mm manual focus nikon d3100 ideas	I read somewhere there was a ring on the lens you turned for that
work d5100 somebody help	Nhat, this lens will work with the D5100, just make sure you order the Nikon mount.
work sony a58	Probably not. The lens linkage is specific to camera make. I would contact Sigma to see if they make a Sony configuration.
lens work canon eos rebel t5i require canon mount get canon mount	This lens will fit the EOS Rebel T5i. The Rebel has an Canon EF mount and will accept EF and EFS Lenses.
sigma 1020mm f456 ex dc hsm lens take 4 5 people close see face real good	It will be easier with this this lens than with a lens thats not as wide, but people tend to look more natural around 50-85mm
samsung nx1000 want 18200mm lens itwill one work	No, this is for Samsung DSLR which were re-branded Pentax DSLR. Or from the joint venture that was mostly Pentax design. That being said this would work with an adapter but you would lose autofocus etc and can only use in Aperture or manual mode
work d5100 somebody help	Nhat, this lens will work with the D5100, just make sure you order the Nikon mount.
work sony a58	Probably not. The lens linkage is specific to camera make. I would contact Sigma to see if they make a Sony configuration.
samsung camera work need adapter	i used it with a Sony and no adapter
lens apsc camera work full frame cameras	Sigma DC lens are designed primarily for APS-C sensors (comparable to Canon's EF-S lens). They will work on full frame sensors but, as I understand it, the edges of the photo will be affected (darkened...) because the lens does not provide full coverage of the sensor.
good lens interiors real estate photos	I would assume so. The width at 10mm (16mm for most sensors) does not present too much distortion and encompasses quite a bit of view.
sigma 1020mm work nikon d80 series shoot high quality photos indoors small rooms	A quick internet search says the lens is compatible with the Nikon D80. As for high quality photos indoors-- the focal length of the lens is great for indoor rooms (not sure what you mean by small). High quality depends on your skills ;o
fast accurate auto focus	In broad daylight, not too bad....in low light - pretty terrible. That said, I don't hardly use autofocus, and overall this lens is a good buy. I don't regret it.
sigma 1020mm manual focus nikon d3100 ideas	I read somewhere there was a ring on the lens you turned for that
work d5100 somebody help	Nhat, this lens will work with the D5100, just make sure you order the Nikon mount.
work sony a58	Probably not. The lens linkage is specific to camera make. I would contact Sigma to see if they make a Sony configuration.
sigma 1020mm come lens hood sigma 1020mm come lens hood	Yes it does.
work pentax kx	Yes--the lens will work with the Pentax kx. Sigma makes third party lenses that are built for the big-name cameras such as Canon, Nikon, and Pentax. For example, you can get the Sigma 18-200 lens for either of the aforementioned cameras. Just make sure you purchase one that says it's for Pentax cameras. This Sigma lens is a good all purpose, "walk-around" lens.
d40 compatibility presence 'hsm' sounds like internal af motor mean lens work d40	Yes. HSM is Sigma's version of Nikon's AF-S. It features an internal motor so it will not only focus with the D40, but it will focus much faster than say, if you used a D50 with a normal AF lens, and it will be much more quiet.
difference lens 30mm f14 dc hsm lens ex dc	This is the older version. The newest version is much sharper, focuses more accurately, and is definitely the lens you want to purchase.
latest version sigma 30mm f14 ex dc hsm lens canon digital slr cameras latest versions sigma	Hi DB it must have been really late to reply to your message now. I've just recently bought this lens and it is the newer version now. It can be identified with a smooth body coating instead of the old matt one. It is better now and the colours look less yellow.
$289 $349 I ready purchase price goes plans go back $289 companies price	It doesn't say when you asked this question but I figured the answer out. First, I just purchased the last one that a storefront had for $289, so i'm sorry if I stole the lens from you :X. Second, the price is going to be interesting on this lens from here on out. 
normal lens 40d lenses compare	I'm in the same boat. I have a 40d as well and I just bought the Canon 50mm 1.8 but found that I was always "stepping back" to take a lot of indoor shots.
lens work canon eos rebel t5i require canon mount get canon mount	This lens will fit the EOS Rebel T5i. The Rebel has an Canon EF mount and will accept EF and EFS Lenses.
comparable canon lens canon lens thet closest sigma lens	There's also a 35mm f/2 from Canon, which can be had for around $230. But one thing to remember about the Canon non-L primes is that the back lens usually isn't coated for digital.
sigma 1020mm f456 ex dc hsm lens take 4 5 people close see face real good	It will be easier with this this lens than with a lens thats not as wide, but people tend to look more natural around 50-85mm
50d micro focus adjustment sigma 30mm f14 micro focus adjustment feature canon eos 50d work sigma 30mm f14 ex dg hsm lens	Yes, just did mine last night. The focus was off 12mm !!! The lens was working fine on my old 350d, totally shocked.
true canon version discontinued according b&amph photo website	Matthew, Sigma has released information of a replacement lens which will hit the market towards the end of March. the lens is priced at $499 and boasts significant upgrades to almost every aspect of the lens. 
touch pad stuck I gigabeat close two years recently touch pad stuck cant select different modes need	No, you're not. Unfortunately, this is a pretty common problem with this player, but it's also one that's easily fixed. 
plug car input outlet work well	yes it works fine ...I simply plug mine into the front input connector and put my sony xpod on aux and away we go...
heck play songs random one artist one genre	Unfortunately, this is my biggest gripe about all MP3 players - PROGRAMABILITY! The only way you're going to be able to play the way you want is to build playlists on your computer and then select random play. Or you can use the bookmark feature directly on the Gigabeat and have it randomly play. 
pause resume player	The only way you could do that would be this: When you're through listening to your audiobook for the moment, simply turn the player off. When you turn it back on, it will be at the exact same place you left off at.
amazon stupid	Yeah. It was being sold by Office Depot. They even had it for $85 for a bit. I was going to buy as well. Too bad. Now I'll save that money for when the next gen systems come out. If you go to Office Depot you can still get it for $99.99 but says Temporarily Out of Stock :(
auto focus lens	Yes! It is one of the greatest lens purchases I've ever made! I almost never take it off my camera :)
30mm f14 also says zoom lens meant lens zoom	It is no a zoom lens. Might be an error on the listing. It is a 30mm prime lens with largest aperture of 1.4. FANTASTIC LENS
latest version sigma 30mm f14 ex dc hsm lens canon digital slr cameras latest versions sigma	Hi DB it must have been really late to reply to your message now. I've just recently bought this lens and it is the newer version now. It can be identified with a smooth body coating instead of the old matt one. It is better now and the colours look less yellow.
30mm f14 also says zoom lens meant lens zoom	It is no a zoom lens. Might be an error on the listing. It is a 30mm prime lens with largest aperture of 1.4. FANTASTIC LENS
comparable canon lens canon lens thet closest sigma lens	There's also a 35mm f/2 from Canon, which can be had for around $230. But one thing to remember about the Canon non-L primes is that the back lens usually isn't coated for digital.
50d micro focus adjustment sigma 30mm f14 micro focus adjustment feature canon eos 50d work sigma 30mm f14 ex dg hsm lens	Yes, just did mine last night. The focus was off 12mm !!! The lens was working fine on my old 350d, totally shocked.
auto focus lens	Yes! It is one of the greatest lens purchases I've ever made! I almost never take it off my camera :)
d40 compatibility presence 'hsm' sounds like internal af motor mean lens work d40	Yes. HSM is Sigma's version of Nikon's AF-S. It features an internal motor so it will not only focus with the D40, but it will focus much faster than say, if you used a D50 with a normal AF lens, and it will be much more quiet.
router wut version	lm250
netgear wpn824v3 router problems anyone help	Mine can't take wireless access list and keeps losing connection/rebooting several times a night. When I called them they said I don't need the wireless access list - well, why did they make it available??? Horrible support. DON'T BUY THIS ROUTER.
cleaner work wii	simply put....N-O was hoping to get a refund. POS.
work cd player car bought optdisc says car players thought cd player cd player ask	Likely not. With the dvd rom drive the whole slot comes out allowing you to place the disk directly into place while a cd player sucks the cd in. 
clean cddvdroms	Hi Lady H, I use it on my DVD recorder. I believe it will work on any CD or DVD machine. It works well for me.
repeater mode would like know netgear wpn824na wireless mimo router repeater function also anyone give link particular routers support page	A year ago I made several calls to Netgear's tech support about the Repeater feature. Not a single person there had any idea what I was talking about.
work blu ray dvd player	You do know there is a difference between Blue Ray and DVD, right?. The product specifically says it will clean DVD;s but not Blue Rays. As I dont have a Blue Ray player, not really sure of the correct answer. Just giving you my personal experience, although will be getting a Blue Ray player in the future. 
cd player shows disk sign panel push play w cd product still work ok cd player read audio cds	Hi YT, I just ran it in my DVD player in the living room and my MultiMedia Optical Drive in my computer. (that's a combo of CD & DVD player) In either case, I did NOT have to push PLAY, it automatically starts and gives instructions in English then in French and Spanish. 
work computer disk drives external multi drives used playing dvds burning cds etc	Yes, this cleaning disc works for both computer disc drives and the dvd/cd burners.
difference lens 30mm f14 dc hsm lens ex dc	This is the older version. The newest version is much sharper, focuses more accurately, and is definitely the lens you want to purchase.
put dvd mother's dvd player say loading hear never plays dvd possible fix problem get another dvd player thanks	I would most certainly try the Digital Innovations disc first. 
work xbox laser lens sure	No it will not there is a different one for Xbox and here is a link to the website http://www.digitalinnovations.com/product-category/laser-lens-cleaning/
clean bluray discs	The package says specifically not for use on blue ray or PS3 players.
work macbook pro	if it has a dvd drive i don't see why not.
mike fit hot shoe canon eos rebel t3i	It should fit any standard shoe.
good recording live music	Sometimes, but you would be better off buying their stereo mic.
adapter plug panasonic aghmc150 anyone provide name link	Yes, there is. Buy Rode VXLR adapter to connect with the 3.5 mini jack cable from the mic. You will then plug the VXLR adapter into the XLR input of the AG-HMC 150 to give you a very neat sound.
true canon version discontinued according b&amph photo website	Sigma has released information of a replacement lens which will hit the market towards the end of March. the lens is priced at $499 and boasts significant upgrades to almost every aspect of the lens. With that being said the price of this version of the lens has been slashed (lucky people like me found it for $289).
compatible canon d7	Aslong as it has a standard mic input
work canon 60d	It should... I believe that has a 'mini' in, right? I know some Canons don't, mine worked on a D90 and a D7000. I'm not sure if I put it in my review but the shock mount quickly went out... the rubber bands created a "squeaking" sound that was totally audible, like, obnoxiously. I don't use the mic anymore but it did pick up great sound... when it wasn't squeaking :)
noise t2i pc could minimize noise rode videomic directional capture	http://www.learningdslrvideo.com/t2i-7d-disable-agc-rode-videomic/ Its not the mic ... its the camera. Either use the work around at the above link or http://www.learningdslrvideo.com/zoom-h4n-review/ you have to get a separate audio recorder and link it to the video in post. If you get frustrated, just remember the T2i is a PHOTO camera. Just appreciate that you are now shooting movie quality video for under a grand. At least that's what I tell myself to help me fall asleep at night. :)
work t3i	Yes, use it all the time
anyone tell need adapter mount t4i dslr thanks	It fits the T4i 650D. There is a video of it on youtube. If you have a 3.5mm headphone jack on the camera, the Rode Videomic will fit to the best of my knowledge.
work cannon t3i	Yes. The t3i has a mic input.
please share details seen saturn jupiter red spot bands rings clearly resolved	The rings can be seen on Saturn, the bands on Jupiter, and the Great Red Spot. You can make out the reddish hue on Mars, but don't expect to see the ice caps. On a clear night you can see this items fairly clearly. 
consider must accessories scope moon filter	A laser collimator. It'll help to make sure your mirrors are aligned. It's pretty easy to do. Look on Youtube for "Collimating your Newtonian" to see how it's done.
hi able see mars today could get details focus kits	Details on planets depend on several things: Telescope alignment, quality of eyepieces, distance to the planet, and the planet itself.
fits canon rebel t1i	Yes.
opened mine cannot get power despite trying two completely new fresh sets batteries ideas resolve	Pay extra attention to the direction you insert the batteries (+ vs -) There are lot of batteries. Also, check to be sure the wires connecting the battery harness aren't broken or shorted. To be honest, I don't use batteries with mine because it's too expensive. I bought an AC adapter right away.
motor mount strong enough canon 5d comparable dslr attached take pictures also see nebulas thanks	Short answer = yes to both questions Long answer = you get the most out of this hobby by doing your research, having lots of patience, asking lots of questions, and most of all enjoying what you do.
bring telescope back country malaysia	Yes, but you have to pay taxes and use 3rd party logistic companies such as comgateway
many hours set rechargeable batteries last	You're only to get 3-5 hours out of any battery installed to the telescope. If you're remote (no 120vac), a 9V lantern battery might be an option, attach it to the required connector, and enjoy the skies longer.
looking beginner telescope wife nexstar 130 spaceprobe 130 seem good choices	My sister and I just bought this for our mother's 60th birthday.
see mars jupiter saturn	Yes, yes, and yes. Most of the lenses are junk, but I was able to see see Jupiter and Saturn pretry well. Also, good luck lining up the finder scope. Still good for the price, though.
need pc use mac work computer essential setting telescope completely new telescopes	No. I think there might be software available that you can use to tie the telescope to a computer, but it isn't necessary to use a computer with it (I don't use one with it).
telescope refractor correct required calimated camera gps added later	Yes this is a refractor, and no there is usually no need for collimation for refractor scopes. 
eyepieces product include	The scope comes with a 20mm and a 4mm eyepiece. I bought the accessory kit with a 9mm and 15mm eyepiece and filters.
thinking getting pair canon rebel t3i would also need asin b0000665v6 b0002379uo correct	You will need a T-adapter as well as tne Celestron 93230 8 to 24mm 1.25 Zoom Eyepiece (this eyepiece is the only eyepiece that allows you to focus and change the focal point for your camera which is mandatory for higher end cameras.
good terrestrial viewing would rate use	I never got it, I had to cancel the purchase after a month of waiting
take pictures	The tripod is shaky but the telescope is amazing, crystal clear and easy to focus. My family spent Christmas night taking turns studying the moon, would make great photos if you know how to attach the camera to the eye piece and hold the telescope steady.
tall telesope tripod use	When the legs are fully extended the mount is about four feet above the ground. You will need a seat for viewing objects higher than 45 degrees above the horizon.
telescope powerful enough look substantially magnified lunar surfaces	Yes
able see want able see planets solar system color	Unfortunately with only a 5 inch mirror the only thing you'll be able to see of the furthest planets is what looks like a star only it will be slowly moving across the sky.
see	Moon will look great. You will see its landscapes with good detail. You can see the craters clearly. You will also see Jupiter's sattelites an Jupiter itself will look like a ball with the equatorial strips clearly visible. 
planning travel would total weight dimension packed box along tripod accessories	This is not a scope I would think that would travel well. First off it is a Jones-Bird Reflector design which means it is difficult and somewhat time consuming to collimate. Travel would just complicate that more.
good telescope astrophotography nebula star clusters galaxies attach canon eos 60d using mount	Not with a camera that heavy the mount and counter weight couldn't take the load. To do any good deep sky images you need to put the motor drive on it and its also would handle that heavy of a camera. 
good telescope sightseeing live san francisco want use watching bay apartment	Yes, this would be a very good telescope for watching the Bay. When you use the 20 MM eyepiece that comes with the telescope it inverts the image so you see what you are looking right side up. The 20 MM eyepiece gives you 50X and if you use the 3X barlow with the telescope, you get 150X.
telescope really magnification 250x see saturn's rings	Hi Ryan, Yes you can see the rings of Saturn with this device, but be prepared to be very patient and spend a lot of time. It took me four months to find the rings, and I am a trained aviation navigator, with 25 years of finding and focusing on the stars to calculate the position of an aircraft over the surface of the earth. 
moon stars yes course main reason want telescope 1st explore big peak across way 12 miles suggestions	You can definitely use this for land base objects, takes a little practice focusing but once you get the knack it's cake, also to note its somewhat easy to take pictures through the lens with an iPhone
difference telescope 127eq powerseeker celestron astromaster 130az telescope better thanks	Hi, I have the 127EQ, and do not have the 130AZ. After looking at the specs on the 130, I would say the difference is the light capture mirror is better on the 130 because it is a little bigger.
recently bought 127eq cannot find info included eyepieces plossls	They are two Kellner (20mm reversing, and a 4mm). Plossl are a bit better, but you will not see much of a difference (unfortunately) unless your 127EQ is carefully collimated, which is a pain since it is a Bird-Jones or catadioptric design, with a correcting lens installed in the focuser tube ...
purchased 127eq matter lens use cannot see images made sure covers see blurs	You have to make sure that the eyepiece is in right and full seated so the mirror will focus on the eyepiece mirror and the focus adjust on the eyepiece can focus the image the big mirror sees
used daytime viewing surrounding land features	Yes it sure can, but you will want to get a correct image diagonal along with your order. The reason i say this is because the diagonal that comes with this causes a mirror image.
focuser tube metal plastic	The main body metal and focus pieces are metal with plastic knobs.
telescope see planets	I bought it as a gift for my husband last Xmas he seems pleased with it but has not done much more then tinker with it. He spent a lot of time checking the moon out. Hope that helps!
need get work reflector telescope	Patty if you go to cloudynights.com and register there, you will have much more luck and more knowledgeable people to answer your questions.
work celestron nexstar 8se lenses need thanks	Yes. You will need at least one pair of eyepieces of the same type to use the binos.
anyone try using one eyepiece one camera	Not quite sure how the camera would image using the binoviewer? Why not use the proper adapters for doing camera imaging and use the binoviewer for stereo "eye" viewing... good luck..
optics binocular viewer good crisp using single eyepiecs cause slightly poorer image quality	Hello, I would say the images for me are the same as I have the basic eyepieces and two sets of as you need two sets for the bino viewers but what I like is the eye relief that you get when looking through them and a almost 3d effect like you get when looking through binoculars.
accessory work newtonian reflector	Yes
114 eq telescope stereo binocular work model thank	It should work with any telescope.
aperture bino see pictures tree different models idnr say 18mm 22mm celestron site 22mm	There is no aperture listed. The one I purchased is model # 93691... I would go with what Celestron claims. It fits into the 1.25" eyepiece holder with no problems.
work celestron astromaster 70 eq refractor telescope	From my experience, it depends more on the camera than other things. If the lens barrel of the camera extends when the camera turns on, the adapter may not work very well. Maximum theorectical distance between the tripod mount screw and eyepiece lens is about 2 1/2 inches.
work sony cybershot	Depends on the lens. If the lens is over 3" long - no. Not without some extra monkeying. My daughters lenses are over 3" and I was able to attach a platform so it would work.
work zoom lens 45 degrees specifically either celestron ultima 65 mm 80 mm zoom spotting scope	I can't say for certain, but I would say no. I had to extend the back portion of the mount so it would fit my daughters camera with a ~3" long lens. You can just add a board to the mount and it should work.
work use nikon coolpix l330	Not familiar with the L330 but it didn't work with my L110.
sony cybershot w830 8x optical zoom want know fit	As long as it has a 1/4" mounting screw on the bottom of the camera, then it will work. The camera sits on the platform and the clamp goes around the eyepiece of your telescope.
adapter compatible cameras extending lenses olympus tg830 lens housing internalized	The camera mounts to the platform and needs to have a screw hole in the camera for attachment. The clamp looking thing goes around the eyepiece of your telescope.
works sony alpha a7	I'm not sure if you are talking about a cell phone or smart phone if so the answer is no. This only works with a digital camera.
work nikon dslr powerseeker 80eq telescope	In short - no.
celestron regal m2 80 trying attach panasonic lx7 scope lens sticks 1 inch anyone tried combo	You have a lot of adjustment on the adapter. I have Kodak dx7440 camera and lens comes out half inch. I found it hard to get a good pic of night sky. Found this web site where you can hook up camera directly to an eye piece and it works good. CNC SUPPLY INC .com. Look there to see if they make any adapters for your camera. I had to get t-ring and adapter. Like $80. Hope this helps.
work taking pictures iphone 5s	Probably not! The camera must have the standard threaded hole ( 1/4" X 20tpi ) to work with this mount.
advantagesdisadvantages using vs barlow nexstar 90gt similar 102gt plan using orion star shoot	A barlow provides 2x or 3x the magnification of your regular eyepieces. This lens is adjustable between 8mm and 24mm simply by turning the piece. In essence, this eyepiece could replace your regular eyepiece. Before I purchased this zoom lens, I had 2 separate eyepieces of 9mm and 25mm. I no longer use those and just use this adjustable zoom lens. I still use my separate Barlow lens which enhances this zoom lens by 3x. Hope this helps!
lid canister removed twist top pry shut tight want damage item thanks	It twists off.
compatible orionxt8 im debating whether get orion 721 zoom eyepiece insteaddoes magnification markings	It should be compatible with any telescope that uses 1.25" eyepieces. It has markings for the focal length in mm, but not magnification markings in x (times). It's a very good eyepiece for the money, I was not disappointed with my purchase. It is heavy compared to non-zoom eyepieces, so if you have any balance or weight issues with your mount, factor that in.
zoom eyepiece compare meade zoom eyepiece sold amazon	To be quite honest, I don't have a Meade, but I do like this eye piece quite a bit. Mine was clear as a bell and I can see exactly what I need to in order to let me know that I have a lot to learn... :P
lense threaded filters	It is threaded for standard 1and 1/4 inch filters.
hi may pair celestron xcel lx 3x barlow lens 125 work astromaster az70 thanks advance	One more thing, unless you have excellent light collection, I'd be careful. Both of these lenses absorb some light, and at maximum magnification the image may be too dark.
work reflector telescope	Hello Patty, Honestly I dont know. It might have to do with the total focal lenght, I ran into a problem with attaching a reducer then the diagonal then the bifocal then the eyepiece, and i could not focus properly. You best bet is to call Celestron on Monday, sorry I could not help more, Jim
much weigh must throw balance right	The advertising indicates 2 pounds as the weight of the binocular but you also need to add in the two eyepieces. It does add weight to the back of the scope and can be compensated by either moving the scope further forward (example: Celestron C5 on Altazimuth or photo tripod base) or adjusting the weight on an equatorial mount.
work new celestron cosmos 90 gt telescope	I'd suggest you just call Celestron and ask them. They're friendly and helpful, and then you'd know for sure.
attach 2x barlow lens still good resolutionimage quality	It's ok, depends what your looking for, there is a slight loss of resolution, but I think it is worth the investment, I really like mine.
I concerned quality eyepiece compared celestron eyepieces come telescope cheaply made	No, on the contrary it is better made... I haven't used the standard ones ever since I got it.... plus it is way bigger
125 dimension c90 opening size lens fits screw 965 thank advance time info	The 1.25 dimension is the standard telescope eye size for most scopes. I to have a C90 and purchase a "hybred-diagonal" (.965 to 1.25). This allows me to use all of my 1.25 eye pieces on my C90. Hope this helps.
use celestron powerseeker 70eq	yes it can be used with any 1.25 telescope I use it on a 80eq a 4.5" and 10" dobsonian.
adapter would needed mount vixen style base like orion 90 mak load rating	I have a Celestron Mak it works fine they are just about the same size, so weight shouldn't be an issue. I wasn't sure what a Vixen base was, so I looked it up, the Celestron has a "shoe" like that on the side of it for the small spotter scope, not on the bottom. It's a standard base,
mount orion spaceprobe 130st tripod	The mount is tall above the joint. I tried mounting an Orion 80mm Shorttube on it and at about 45 degrees the weight would make it fall back and point straight up. Likewise, it is impossible to look into the eyepiece when the scope points near the zenith. The so called slow motion controls are useless so I unbolted mine. I broke down and purchased an Orion EQ-1 mount for my scope and it seems adequate. This tripod I use for my 80mm binoculars for which it works well.
work standard camera tripod need sort adapter	Yes, this tripod has the same 1/4x20 connector that fits most digital cameras.
purchased celestron skymaster binoculars husband want purchase tripod use best one thanks	Depends on the use. To look at objects lined up at the horizon up to 20-25 degrees azimuth this tripod works. If you want to look at objects across the sky this tripod is utterly useless
cannot lower level stop limits lowering I considering cutting stop suggestions	the legs are adjustable. That is what I do, shorten or lengthen one or two legs.
mount celestron 21035 70mm travel scope	The stand or tripod has your standard upside down bolt that you screw (rotate) with your fingers to secure it, if the travel scope has the female receiver for the bolt on it I would say yes.
would celestron 6se compatible mount	I really don't know because I am not familiar with the 6SE. However, this tripod has a fairly large area of adjustment for balance, etc. I would think that as long as the 6SE has a standard mount, it should work.
hand held short periods time 1520 minutes casual astronomy good canidate ues conjuction telescope	Yes, and yes. But, a good pair of 10x50 porros are hard to beat for convenience and all-around astro use. Good field of view and good magnification for most binocular objects. 8x40s are also quite useful. Young eyes might be up to using a good pair of 7x50 under fairly dark (rural) skies.
compare th field view th 12x60 th 15x70	Angular field of view of 12 x 60s: 5.3 degrees. Same spec for 15 x 70s: 4.4 degrees. See specifications of products at www.celestron.com.
amazon description reads diopter adjustment see manufacturer's website sure one eyepiece focus separately	The right eye piece does. This is used for focusing.
binoculars good astronomy stars need tiny points four jupiter's moons resolvable saturn's rings visable	Yes to the first two, unsure about Saturn' s rings as I have not actually looked at them through these binoculars. My assumption is that they would be visible, based on the overall performance of these binocs.
heavy watch football game	I don't think they are too heavy. An issue might be that they are very powerful and are on the large side. My hands shake a lot, so when I use these to look at things other than stars and planets I usually sit my elbows on a rail or something similar so that my view is steady.
12x60 acessable screws adjust collimation necessary	Yes if you know what your doing. For the price, a nice binocular for sure!
fog proof	I haven't had it in those conditions, but I don't think they are. They are excellent binos though! I'm not disappointed in them at all!
water fog protection	Yes it does have protective cap at the fron as well as prtective bag to carry.
good low high altitude plane spotting	Yes
binoculars good astronomy stars pinpoint images rich	Def need a tripod for viewing stars and planets.
work hp laserjet 1100	Yes, that is actually why I needed this, for an HP LaserJet 1100. This will work for this model of printer.
sabrent work old hp2000 2100	HP specs that printer to have aBidirectional ECP type-B parallel port (IEEE-1284 compliant) so it should work when paired with a computer with a USB 2.0 port - I doubt it will work with a newer computer that only has USB 3.0 ports. They are not always retroactively compliant.
tripod come rubber pads bottom legs setting hardwood floor	No it doesn't,
mount celestron c6axlt	NO. This mount is only suitable for the very smallest reflectors of about 3 inches. The telescope you have bought seems to be an excellent one for the price, and so I urge you to spend a decent amount of money on a good mounting for it. A bad mount for a good telescope is like bad tires on a fast sports car - you will not be happy! I have had an Orion "SkyView Pro" mounting for many years, and it works very well with my 6-inch reflector. There are newer mounts which may offer more features for the same price, however.
solid vibrations tripod celestron mak c90 mainlid used spotting scope	I mounted a 650-1300mm lens with Camera on it and that was steady for me. The lens is approx. 18 to 24 inches long.
work laserjet 4l printer thanks	It should. It worked for my laserjet 5 on my new win 8 computer. You will need to download the Microsoft drivers since they are not standard with the new computers. Those old HP printers just don't die. They have elephant lives. Slow but steady.
length cable	About four and one half feet.
work laserjet 2100	It worked for me!
automatically set windows 7 application	Windows 7 is not an application. It is an operating system. Hardware such as this is not dependent upon the operating system. You just need to ensure your printer has a parallel connector which will work with this cable, and that your pc/laptop has a USB connector.
work win 7	My computer has windows 7 and I have a laser printer and a color HP printer both going. This USB port is on my laser printer. It works for mine. Hope this helped.
sold pair single unit	single unit. I recomend a cross fader too. these tweets bump. snares and hi-hats are super crisp
use external tweeter home speaker yes hook	I would recommend using it on a box and the hook up is simple just split the speaker cable
much total watts output	It has no amplifier, it is a controller that feeds your amplifier the signal.
recording church services audience mic vol low compared mic'd speakers help bring volume	I am afraid the answer is no. This is a pre-amplifier, therefore it does NOT amplify the source.
rackmountable real dimensions much u spaces takes mounted rack thanks answers	The unit is a standard rack mount width. The mounting holes are in the face plate. It does not have removable end tabs. It is not a standard height. It is slightly taller than 1 U spaces. If you want to mount it in a rack and not loose space below it, the feet have to be removed. Hope that helps.
tape2 monitor equalizer booster hook	there isatape monitor and a loadness..but don't uses this with a plyle pro power amp ..there seems to be a voltage mismatch ..and you turn the volume al the way to the right tom get volume
remote control	no
headphone jacks	Yes
mix microphone another input	yes, there are independent gains for each input.
satilite radio play	If there's an 2XRCA jack output for the tuner, it will play.
run cd player preamp output external amp also control amps volume correctly	yes and yes
seems preamp amanzon control hafler 255 watt per channel amp needs clean thanks	The sound is decent. But like anything else, if you spend more you get more. I have a Yamaha 350 watt power amp. I am going to up grade back to Yamaha, Carver, Kenwood.. The pyramid is just a get me buy until you get your money up. I hope this helps.
pin assignment plug tip 2nd ring 3rd ring 4th ring	In order(from base of the plug, to the end): sleeve is common, then 1st ring is yellow jack, 2nd ring is red jack, tip is white jack. This is NOT the configuration used on a Raspberry Pi modem B+ (I tried!). Why do I know this? I just got two of the cables and tried. I then did ohmmeter tests to determine the connections. Note that this does not correspond to other answers.
wanted buy 22 would $299 shipping apply one $66 shipping	We are the seller "EZ Electronic Mall", our regular price is $5.87 with free shipping, if you purchase 22 unit from us the cost will be $3.85 each, with FREE shipping, total: $3.85 X 22 = $84
plug iphone 5 redyellowwhite plugs car watch netflixhulu tv	No, unfortunately this cable was made to work with set top boxes and the quality is not that great. You would need to buy the adapter that Apple sells. And it's only an HDMI connection.
use raspberry pi 2 meaning work well people say cables dont work	No you cannot. The proper cable I think would be a Microsoft zune cable. For your use do not buy.
use av input truck's power acoustik radio	Unfortunately it will not be compatible, this cable is for connecting your video camera to your receiver.
work samsung scl906 hi8 camcorder	Probably not it is a price of crap.
work hp laser 3150	No
cord work hp laserjet 4000n printer inlet wide disk 3 12 inches inserted	No
suited home theater sold pair single unit	If u can get it in 8ohms yes, if not u would have to run two in series. Home stereos are usually 8ohm loads per channel
connect ipod tv listen music dont need picture	Yes
work either ipod iphone 5s	It did'nt work well for connecting my portable DVD player and television set, as i come to wires that you need to assist your electronics, it's better to purchase them in person with your Ipod, not losing time or money or a part that does'nt work.
connect portable bluray player television 3 prong connection red white yellow	Yes
work ipad	No, unless you can hack the system with a mirror to mirror program.
get rid interference cb radio picking radar detector cb beeps constantly	10-4
could help radar detector giving false laser alerts heavy engine load	Per this forum: http://www.odyclub.com/forums/9-problems-concerns/108495-problem-noise-power-line-print.html It did not help the gentleman. 
signal highly destorted two diff house radios entering residence block interference auto radio	Call the electric company, there is a bad transformer in your area.
bad whine stock system gmc rear left speakers noise whether engine work bad amp	it sounds like it is probably your amp, make sure your amp has enough ground and all your speakers are wired accordingly positive with positive and negative with negative,if that don't work my guess is your amp has a bad speakers output,because if your engine is off than the whine does not come from your ingine. i hope it helps.
installed car bu camera static picture turn engine clear engine solve issue install	Its designed for car audio but it may work. I don't where to install for video. Consult a car installation place about the issue, you can't be the first person to have that issue.
used signal booster supposed work alone	As long as you don't exceed the 12 amp rating between the receiver and signal booster combined. I would install after the signal booster or to the receiver only.
one get options I trying get one car amfm signal booster look certain amperage	This will work for most car systems, but not the big monster cables used for for large amps running to the trunk. This is a is an inline power filter used to supply power to your radio only.
play sides manually flip disc side 1 done	you have to flip it over to play side 2
need purchase cable cord type everything need set come included	I will include Audio video cable (Red/white and Yellow) and power cord. It also comes with Remote control so you won't need to buy anything extra. Thanks sam
5 cd disc carousel player	No, it plays only one Laser Disc. There are a few movies that can only be found on LD so that's why I bought it.
compatible windows 7	Yes. I used mine with Windows 7.
work desktop dual core running windows 7	I have the home version of Windows 7 on my laptop. I've been successful syncing my Tungsten E2 on it. My 3rd party program Documents To Go, also works, but MS Outlook 2010 doesn't sync the e-mail messages. (That isn't because of Windows 7.)
e2 palm pda compatible windows 8	Since I don't have Windows 8 on my computer at work (or home), I haven't tested it. I do know that my E-2 Palm still synchronizes with Windows 7, but unfortunately the e-mail conduit doesn't work with MS Outlook 2010. I can synchronize with everything (calendar, to-do list, etc) except my e-mail.
put pass code lock device syncing pc	I think you can but an email to Palm Technical Suppport may helo.
go back question mark exclamation key pad	Excel: Docs To Go should be included with your Palm installation disk, though we've found this is a bit error-prone (my husband still uses his Tungsten E and I think there's an incompatibility with the two versions, that means only one of us has it working at a time). 
compatible mac os 10	i'm sorry i don't know. i've never been able to use mine because my son says it is to old to use with my computer. i'm sorry i'm not much help but i am not that good with computers. i had one just like this one for about 5 years and loved it but i can't seem to use this one.
different size fonts	yes but the E2 does not work with Windows 7.
hello spanish language within language option thank	No
use usb connectivity software supported windows 7 osx palm sold patents hp sold web os	Yes it has USB connectivity. Even with the Windows 7 update it is touch and go as to whether it will work with Windows 7.
hello I looking remove hum pa system see people talking radios work	You migh want to try something else I don't think this would work for you it did not work for me,here's a link for the one tha I'm sure it would work I've used them before and had no problems.good luck
work would install	Don't waste your money, I bought a pair of them and ended up returning them. They are poor quality and have useless installation instructions, do yourself a favor and spend a little more money and order the legacy 35 amp noise suppressor.
dashcam plugged 12v lighter socket causes static fm radio install wires leading lighter radio	Junk don't buy call crutch field this thing does nothing at all tried both ways
tungsten t5 pda compatible windows 8 get appropriate software	I have my palm set up on my work pc. I'm not running windows 8 but check with this site: http://pizzaboy192.com/download/. pizzaboy usually has a fix.
product good marine use	I've used these guys pretty extensively on boats, including whale watching, my own 27' sailboat and on various deep sea birding trips.
many buys lens caps uv filters used binoculars another purchase	I bought some plain filters to use with the binoculars simply to protect the lens from getting scratch. The binoculars come with screw threads at the lens end so by looking in the specifications you can identify what size and thread type to get. 
longterm owners reliable system comments various forums claim fails frequently costs $600 repair	It's been flawless and superb ... However, so far we've used it exclusively for bird watching from inside our house looking outside.
made japan	Yes
mild familial tremor one hand image stabilization significantly help viewing	Yes.
range finder range grid model	no.
50mm 18 vs 60mm 28 macro would advantage 60mm 28 macro	Biggest difference is close focus distance. The 50mm f/1.8 will only focus at 1.5 feet or farther, and this means that the subject won't fill the frame. Canon claims that the 60mm Macro will focus at 7.8", but in practice I've gotten it to focus at less than five inches. 
15 x 50s 10 years love need well certainly *want* find reaching one use casual backyard birding astronomy	As I understand the tradeoff, the 10x42 L model uses superior optical glass and because of this, images seen through it are virtually free of chromatic aberration ("purple fringing") and also devoid of ghost images when viewing bright objects at night such as the Moon and Jupiter.
image stabilizer functioning installed new panasonic batteries	Try different batteries, make sure they are installed/aligned correctly
canon 100mm f28l vs 60mm f28	Hopefully, you've already made your decision since the prices of both lenses has gone up significantly. I have these two lenses and both lenses are incredibly sharp.
filter size	52mm
prime lens	Yes... It's 60! When you see a single number they are primes!
lens used outdoors hand heldlike taking pics bugs things without tripod	Yes! Just keep a steady hand.
I looking f28 lens taking photos northern lights would lens provide sharpness color needed perfect shots	I think you would be very happy with it. Only problem is is what ever you see through the lens is what you get.
plan getting macro lens next month considering canon 60mm f28 tamern 90mm canon xs would better choice acording amazon tameron lens work camera amazon also says tameron	The biggest difference is how close you want to get to your subject? What will you be shooting macros of the most? Is the Tamron a 2.8 also? Because that is a very nice aperture to have.
lens good shooting video 60d	Unless you are shooting videos of close up images like insects, I wouldn't suggest this lens. That said, this is an excellent lens for what it was designed to do. I use it on a 70D.
come extra battery pack grip come extra pack	I just received my battery grip in the mail yesterday and it DID NOT come with any battery packs. Just the grip and two battery tray inserts - one that holds two Canon rechargable batteries (not included) and one to hold 6 AA batteries. I also had the expectations that a battery pack or two would be included, but since they sell for about $50 each, in hindsight that seems like an unrealistic expectation.
tripod compatible	You can.
looking one fit canon t3 would one work know og	I don't believe this one will fit your camera, but I think the BG-E8 might fit the T3.
compatible canon 300d	Not compatible with the 300D - it works with the XT and XTI .. (those are also known as the 350D and 400D)
fit canon rebel t3	I don't know I have a t2
close need get insect good photo tripod must	I can get within 12 inches with that lens and a tripod is NOT a must if you have a steady hand or somewhere else to rest your camera on while focusing.
need buy 2 extra batteries using thebge3 battery grip need buy 2 batteries use grip	I just bought one more battery to use the grip. The grip also comes with an extra tray to use AA batteries.
lens image stabilization lens also work xsi	Do you intend on doing a lot of macro work? Don't forget that the 1.6 crop factor will make your 100 a 160. Prefer the EF-s 60mm F2.8 on my 7d. Good macro, great portrait lens.
canon rebel first dslr need travel lens lack image stabilization make poor choice new photographer	I've had both IS and non IS, I have found that for the price this is a very handy lens to have. 
meant macro lens works fine xsi way get close small objects like coins stamps	Don't try to stand right over the coin close up but stand back and use the zoom to get close up to the coin
canon t3 lens great replacement to1855mm 70300mm lens get quality 1855mm lens	if you have the typical 18-55mm that comes with the camera I dont think you loose quality and will gain significant range of use with the 18-200. 
work canon t3	Yes, I have a T3 and it works perfectly. My co-worker has a T2i. She has used my lens on her camera as well.
good canon 5i	If you're a new photographer it will do a good job for you. The price can't be beat. It will work with that camera! You will have both wide angle and telephoto!
warranty used lens	no warranty. Thanks
use canon eos 650d	Yes
lense good video	I do not shoot a lot of video, but the time I did it worked as well as my Cannon lens does.
wirk nikon 60	Yes, this is fully functional with the Nikon D60
lens working sony nex5	I'm not sure. I got it to work on a Nikon d3000
work nikon d40 focus motor built lens	It works on my d70 and d3200 I seldom use autofocus and not sure about second question
work d3000	Yes, It's a perfect lens.
work nikon d3000	I have a d3200 it works fine. Autofocus a little slower than Nikkor lenses. I mostly manual focus as well.
lens fit d7000	This lens is comparable with all Nikon DSLR cameras. So yes it will.
work nikon d3200	Yes it will work fine, is an excellent lens good choice.
work nikon d3100	I sold it to someone that has a D5000. Frankly I did not like that lens at all that's why I sold it. I used it on my D300 and D5100 as you are moving along all of a sudden every 7-10 shots it will be a blank photo.
es10 watching dvd 'position memory' start location turning	If you haven't removed the DVD,if you haven't turned it off or if you just turned the ES10 on.Just push play and it should pick up where you left off.
include warranty	no, it was used
lens good cannon 7d	Yes it should work well with the canon 7D and any other canon EOS digital cameras.
made japan	"Made in Japan" is stamped/printed on the binoculars itself and on the box they came in.
one years record digital channels	Unfortunately it can not be used for digital channels :(
record dvr	As long as it does not insert anything signal that would block recording. Anything that can be input through normal RCA or S-VHS cables can be recorded.
use convert hi8 video tapes dvds	If these are your own recordings you can do this, however if they are bought movies or any VHS with a copyright, it will be blocked and won't let you record. Sometimes you record them 85% of the time you can't.
record old non hd tv	Yes,if the recorder has a tuner.The type of TV makes no difference,it just shows the picture.The recorder tuner is what the channels come thru on.
record air antenna signal	I never tried it.
work sony alpha slta57 161 mp exmor aps hd cmos sensor dslr	Yes
work sony a77	If you buy the one with the Sony Mount. So double check to make sure the Style is set to Sony before you buy.
work nex 5n	Not 100% sure, but it is highly doubtful.
compatible sony a580	I use this lens with a Konica-Minolta Maxxum 5D SLR, and other than sometimes slow auto-focus, it works just fine. Since the Sony DSLRs use the same lens design and mount, I presume it will work just as well with the Sony cameras. I do not own one and have not tried it, but I would buy a Sony DSLR confident that this lens will work.
compatible sony a55	No
lens feet sony alpha nex7 camera	No
connect analog cable line digital tv	I don't remember if the cable is analog, but it does connect to a digital TV. All the cords you need are included. I love this recorder, it is a great machine. Dubbing from video to DVD is supereasy.
lens work camera nikon d3200	Yes, but be sure to get the Nikon version of this lens. Tamron makes this lens for a number of different brands
good lens work sony a100	i have found it an excellent, affordable, all-purpose lens; manageable size, broad range of zoom ... major down side is that the camera takes a fair amount of time to focus in
work sony a350	Yes. Just make sure you get the Sony mount.
work windows 7	It works great
pictures automatically cleared memory card anyone answer whether device leave original pictures card	No, the files are not removed from the card. The card stays the same, and the files are copied to the hard drive.
lens work sony alpha a200	works with my Aplha 320. Should work with the A200.
work micro sdhc cards anyone used type card device	I use regular SDHC cards. I downloaded a firmware update and the Wolverine works fine with these new cards. G. Sloman
image stabilization built pentax camera body work lens	Yes.
anyone know work new pentax k3	Yes it will, as long as you buy the Pentax mount lens. Tamron makes this in 4 separate mounts (Nikon, Canon, Sony/Minolta and Pentax)
particular lens far blow photos keep clear clear photos 8x10 2 foot posters	Mostly depends on the type of camera you have. For the price this lens can't be beat, unless you make your living off of shooting photographs, this lens should be fine.
lens fit pentax k500 could someone recommend good zoom lens k500 currently 18 55 mm dal lens need bit zoom	It told me on the site if it fit my camera or not! Enter your camera in the area to see if it fits your camera!
use old pentax k1000	It fits any Pentax K-mount but, of course, autofocus would be disabled.
work pentax k 50	I use it with my Pentax K-50, so yeah :)
lens weather resistent	I don't think so.
work k50 especially af system	It looks like it will. I would do some more research on this. I had an issue buying a lens turns out it was the wrong mount (I have an e mount the lens was a D mount). From what I have seen the Tamron should work for your camera.
lens power zoom zooming done manually	Only manual zoom
many feet cord	It's actually about 3 foot -- bought it on the basis of the long lead mentioned in these answers - no good for my application.
red switch supposed light	The Red Switch Does NOT Light Up.
unit two lights one indicate protected one indicate grounded	It only has one light.
circuit breaker thermal trip 15a	will trip over 15Amp
states surge protected yet said need protection thanks	i don't think it is a surge protector. it does act like a circuit breaker and shuts off when it gets too hot. you'd really need to ask the manufacturer about surge protection.
come manual	Yes mine did.
told 1991 mazda navajos came amplified sound system true	That is true, yes
work 2000 mustang mach stereo	I used this model for my 1992 lincoln town car which is a Ford model, ford usually uses a lot of the same parts I'd try and Google what the model looks like before I'd get it.
even sure need yet kind crimp capswire connectors would need gauges	on my 2000 mustang/cd radio didn't need any connectors plug and play make sure you connect all blue wires makes your amp work
fit friends 2000 ford mustang base model I looking hookup aftermarket stereo thanks	This kit is for Ford vehicles with a factory installed amplifier. I would remove the radio and take a look at the connecters before purchasing. There is another kit that has the same grey plug. But is for Ford vehicles without a factory installed amplifier.
stereo 4 female inputs amp pur white green gray inputs hardest plug four white red inputs ra	I don't know.
harness protect new sony cdxgt55uiw destruction power 1991 navajo	I used this on a 95 mustang with mach 460 sound system. For itt to work correctly you need a stereo with 6 channel pre.amp output. As far as protection this is only designed to make the connection to your new stereo without cutting your factory harness. But if wired correctly I see no reason it could harm your stereo.
I trying replace oem cassetteradio 1993 lincoln tc w premium sound new radio 2 rca work	take it to a sound shop and pay to have it done you will be better off
possitive negative purple green front backmy stereo keeps shorting	standard wiring shows purple and green are rear speaker lines, the negative should have a black stripe
exact dimensions bazooka bt6024dvc	Sorry for the slow response but I have been traveling and had to get back home. The speakers are 16" long and about 6 inches wide.
need amp model	If it says passive then yes. I will tell you that I love mine.
use hook amp	Yes. I used it to hook up to a new receiver for my Toyota Highlander without an external amp.
rms around 200	I would say that RMS is around 200. I am running a pair on and amp at 175 watts per and they sound awesome!
hi want know harness work fine camry 2006 know find wire	You can go to www.crutchfield.com and find a stereo that you like by entering your vehicle information. It will tell which accessories needed for your car. This one should work for you car.
2006 camry wjbl system need connect stereo wrca preouts also need metra 701761	This is all you'll need!
plugged 2005 highlander radio turns sound comes speakers missing something	Are there RCAs? If so, make sure that they are plugged in correctly. Also, with this harness I assume you will have separate speaker wires. Make sure they are colour coordinated and connected like-to-like.
fit pentax k01	I'm pretty sure you can find out at Tamron's web site. They have models to fit most camera bodies.
want replace jbl stereo 2004 camry jbl amplifier harness fit exactly pins violet lgreen wire	Yes
work toyota sienna 1999	Don't know but it worked in my 2002 sequoia.
hi anyone confirm works 2000 celica gets factory amp wanting bypass use new head unit thanks	Yes
installed pioneer x4600bt 2003 highlander everything works fine radio anyone know fix	something is wrong with the radio or your antenna is not properly plugged in
work lexus is300	Should be if it's the same set up as the 2000 Camry XLE and I think it is. The replacement head unite needs to have RCA preouts for the existing factory amp located behind and under the glove compartment.
work door speakers gen 4 dodge ram 20092013	Yes it will plugs right in. Fyi you will have a very limited choice of 6x9 speakers that will fit go with 6.5 round speakers useing the scosche 6x9 to 6.5 adapter spacer you will get a better sound and a much better selection of speakers to choose from..good luck!
work dodge charger 2011 6x9 speakers back 6x9 front also 35 speakers dash	They worked on my 2005 dodge ram
fit jeep cherokee trailhawke 2015	Yes, it does.
work aftermarket stereos put female rca jacks stereo cut male rca's harness	I would just return it and by the one u need.
work 2003 sienna jbl	Yes
fit 97 grand cherokee limited	I can tell you these did NOT fit my 2014 Ram 1500, no problems for return/ credit with this supplier.
fit 2012 jku	Mine is with the infinity speakers it fits perfectly.
fit 2014 jeep wrangler unlimited replacing stock speakers overhead soundbar dashboard	Yes they will
work 35 dash speakers 2010 doage ram sport cc alpine system	I would check with. Crutchfield they are a great resource for looking up this information, best guess for which harness you need would be Metra 71-039C. Crutchfield is listing this as the harness you need with the alpine system. Now this was based on the limited information I had on your vehicle. Good luck.
anyone know work 35 dash speakers 201112 ram truck please help	No they will not, but you can pop the pins and then tape them to it.
fit 2010 ford focus thank	Yes
harness compliment aftermarket head units steering wheel volume channel controls	No
one work 2010 sebring touring convertible	The short answer would be no, the following web sit can help you with the right harness for your specific application. http://www.crutchfield.com/g_103100/Vehicle-specific-Wiring-Harnesses.html?tp=3097 I searched for your vehicle without the Boston acoustics, once on the web site you can change this if needed. Good luck
getting mail today harness work 2009 ford crown vic p71 false information	Be sure the have the blue/white wire connected it turns on your factory amp .
fit 2013 mustang gt ford sync standard radio	No
would work 2009 ford crown victoria police interceptor p71	Yes
work 2015 ford f350 superduty factory stereo going replace aftermarket double din head unit	it depends on if your radio is a premium stereo or standard stereo
work 07 f150	Thats exactly what i have a 2007 ford f150, the one i purchased, plugged right in and no problem watsoever
work 2002 ford f150	Im not exactly sure i have a friend who has a 2000 ford f150 and it was similar to the one i used in my 2007 but i would say that it mite not work for your vehicle
fit 2013 dodge charger	Yes, it does. Perfectly!
would get steering wheel controls work new deck	You need to get a steering wheel control interface. PAC Audio sells a very good one that you can purchase on Amazon for a great price! They are very easy to setup and install and come with very in depth instructions and offer instructions online and phone support if you get stuck.
fit 2002 subaru forester	Yes. I installed this in my 2002 forester last year along with a single din stereo.
fit 2000 subaru outback imprezza	Yes, this indeed will fit your outback. I drive a 01 Forester and it fits; all Subarus in this time period have the same stereo mounts. Just make sure you read the directions and use the correct pieces from the kit. It comes with several different pieces to make itself more universal; therefor, you don't use all of the pieces that come with it.
dash kit fit 1997 subaru legacy outback	Yes if you are installing a single din radio
fit 1999 legacy outback	I think it will I put it in a 99 Forester with factory clarion radio with the CD player under it. It worked great no cutting. The new single din radio bolted to the factory brackets.
fit subaru imprezza 08	On Amazon if you put in your vehicle info it will tell you if this product will fit your car. I love that app. Hope this helps.
fit 2004 subaru wrx	Yes it will, I've got one in mine right now,
2007 f350 king ranch steering wheel controls dtereo operate require enjoy using steering wheel contr	Aubrey - I have an '07 F250 Lariat w/Steering wheel controls (SWC). 
fit 2003 mitsubishi diamante	Yes it will fit
fit 2001 mitsubishi galant	Probably
poor sound quality one tell something wrong	These earphones do work only when they are inserted correctly. Unlike other bud-earphones, which can sit outside the ear canal, these ones have to be inserted because they don't have speakers and rely on an enclosed air chamber (between earphone and ear) to create the sounds. 
anyone else hear thump every step everyone else get	Yup, unfortunately any kind of sound isolating mechanism will create this thump. Even the $550 E500's. There's no way around it. 
get bass	The way to get more bass is to have a good seal. This means experimenting with different foam/silicon tips. I use Comply memory foam tips and like those a lot. If you use the silicon tri-flange, try wetting them with just a little bit of water and you'll get a better seal. The other issue is the source you're using. 
difference new version	It appears to have a different microphone casing and now comes in a fancy box like the higher-end in-ear monitor products.
longterm durability	Hi, I'm a professional touring bassist. I've been using the ER4P's for about 8 years on stage and in the studio. I had similar ones before this, some custom moulded that cost from $350 to $800 but I prefer the Etymotics. BTW, You can find them for about $170 on amazon.
people near hear music	I don't know. No one has ever commented that they could. But considering that these go deep into the ear canal my guess would be that they don't hear it.
fit 2001 subaru impreza 25rs	Yep!
hold nikon d7000 18140 lens attached plan buy lens time	Yes, you can keep Nikon D7000 with 18-140 lens,
many padded dividers come bag	Two padded and adjustable dividers, creating three compartments in the main section of the bag.
fit nikon d7000 couple lenses [18100 18140]	No, definitely not. Too small, I'm sorry!
weather cover simply cover provide 360 degree protection	Just a cover.
looking case roland micro br80 husband would case fit accessories	I've never seen, or even heard of a BR-80, so I looked it up. And, after looking at the dimensions, I don't see why it wouldn't fit. 
want know shutter counter number pls	just take a jpeg image with the d2x and open the file with a program that is capable of reading all of the relevant ebedded data, such as photoshop cs5/6...go to file/file info/raw data...then look down the list for 'image number' and there you are!!
nikon d2x shutter actuations	you would have to ask the seller that question.
please many times shutter count	I am not sure I understand your question. shutter lag is 0.37 seconds. Top shutter speed 1/8000 second. Top standard flash sync speed 1/250 second (may be pushed to 1/8000 depending on the flash).
many actuations thanks	I did not check the actuations since it was in like new condition, had a six month warranty. It was advertised as a Nikon refurbished but I realized it had been purchased by someone else and I was buying a used refurb.
hii'd like know many actuactions d2x camera far	43oo
ipod touch work 16gb ipod touch	Does this work with the iPod touch 4th Generation????
works regular rechargeable batteries right double check regular rechargeable batteries like duracell whatever work right	Yes it works with standard AA size rechargeables. I use it with 4 Sony 2500 mah and works fine.
bag accomodate 2 canon mid sizebodies w lenses attached	No, it won't. I have a Canon SX40 HS with a wide strap and built-in lens, a Manfrotto 709B small tripod, and the battery charger for the camera which all fits well and safe but you couldn't get any more in it. The outside pockets carry little accessories but the main compartment is really only for one camera. I do like the bag.
small ear canals solution else needed absolute smallest ear adapter	Go to an audioligist and get fitted for custom earmolds ("Musicians Earplugs" aka ER49's). Then order yourself the earmold adapter from Headroom or Etymotic. It is expensive, but as you've already plunked down $200 plus for these phones it will be money well spent.
fit 1992 subaru legacy	Trevor A. that should fit a 92 subaru legacy. i put it in a 96 and it worked just fine. follow instructions on wich tabs to remove and which to keep.
headphones plug bottom ipod still one point right direction type battery pack need ipod touch	From the look of the pictures provided, it seems that if you attach the battery back to the back of the iPod Touch with the provided clip/attachment, the headphone jack would be blocked. 
lens work canon eos rebel t3i	Yes..using it as my main lens from Yellowstone to Africa and now in Sicily. Great buy...
a14 e lens lens fit canon ef mount	A14e is Tamron's model number. The lens is designed to be used with cameras that have a "cropped" image sensor. It is available in a canon mount From the Tamron Website: "Di-II lenses are performance-engineered expressly for digital SLR cameras with image sensors commonly referred to as APS-C, measuring approximately 24mm x 16mm."
lens fit cannon 3ti 600d	Cannon Lenses are generally interchangeable. It fits my XS, 3TI and 60D....
auto focus work d3100	I have a 3200 and it works fine.
work ipod classic 160 gb latest generation one	It works fine.
work canon t3	Using this lens almost exclusively on my t3, only lens I carried to Kenya and Tanzania, also Sicily including Mont Etna eruptions. Great lens for my needs.
iphone 16gb device work iphones	No it doesn't.
compatible nikon d90	No, this one is specifically for Canon. There is one of these for Nikon.
work canon sl1	It works with my Canon T3i and T5i. It should work with your sl1.
unit plugged wellor work batteries	This unit is capable of being used EITHER plugged into normal household current OR on 6-D cell batteries.
tone	the tone sounds good to me. i am going by the unit being in a mid sized bath room all the time. i bought it for my wife.
sony cfds350sil aux jack plug mp3 player	No....it only has a jack for headphones.
I confused preset radio channel buttons reviewers say set channels go away unplug others work	it is probably the ONLY part of this unit I continue to find confusing. I had to have my then teenager set them for me but they must have gone away when unplugged because they are not set now and I still cannot figure out how to set them even with instructions. 
preserve listening leave room pause button	The third dark gray button from the left--among the buttons that circle around underneath the LED display--is the pause button; it's hard to see, but it has a sideways parallel sign on it. The same sign is on the remote's pause button: on the remote, five buttons are inside a black rectangle near the bottom.
reception fm band good band recpetion	It has been my experience that if the station that is broadcasting is using less than 50 thousand watts, that the radio won't pick it up.
almost lenses problems compatibility checker pentax seems I assuming k mount mount k50 yes	I have a Nikon D5100. I purchased the lens with Nikon mount. Search it with a Pentax mount.
record cd onto cassette box	sorry, no!
hi play cassettes mom huge collection old cassettes wondering buy play cassettes	Oh, yes, it does play cassettes, and very well, too. I'd highly recommend it for your mom or for anyone else, as availability for buying (good) boom boxes with tape-playing capabilities dwindles with each passing quarter. Hope this helps!
record cassettes cd	According to the instruction sheete, this player has CD/Cassette dubbing capabilities.
record radio cassettes	Although I have not tried to do this as yet, the owner's manual says that this Sony will record cassettes from radio and from CDs. I recommend you try to download the owner's manual from the Sony website.
lens work fully sony a200 digital	Yes it will. Here's the correct version for the Sony A200: Tamron AF 18-200mm f/3.5-6.3 XR Di II LD Aspherical (IF) Macro Zoom Lens for Konica Minolta and Sony Digital SLR Cameras (Model A14M)
volume hearing problem sounds usually low enjoy	The the lower the ohms the MORE volume you have. So 24 ohms will be a bit louder than 32 ohms, you could a one time buy headphones with a 16 ohms. But now most headphones are 32 ohms. T. Smith has given you the wrong answer. Anyone else want to confirm this?
fit computer	Yes. It has a 3.5 mm jack (mini) which fits every computer I've ever seen. You will need an adapter to make the jack standard size to fit TVs, surround sound systems and other full size audio equipment.
long cord headphones	The cord is 10 feet long.
comfortable wearing day work desk	I wear them all day at work. Pretty light and cozy they are.
headphones good noise cancelling	When music is playing at reasonable volume, they're pretty good at blocking background noise, but not perfect. If you're just wearing them over your ears without input, the noise cancellation is more of a soft noise muffling than anything else. 
work 7d	Work with Nikon D3100 and Nikon D5100.
headphone microphone	No it does not.
headphones cover whole ear rest	Yes, It covers the whole ear.
leak noise high volume others hear need someone likes listen max volume disturb nearby	They do leak noise
used others listening speakers	Yes. When my wife and I watch TV or movies I use the wireless headset most of the time and she listens through our regular surround sound system.
bought plug headphone jack laptop plug looks way big adapter buy return headphones	The plug fits into your laptop (and my tablet). There's no need for an adapter. As a matter of fact, they send a larger adapter that allows you to plug into a traditional stereo.
ir plasma anybody know wireless headphones work room plasma tv	it works fine
use airplane uou plug airplanes headphone jacks	No, these are really not for portable use. Inner ear headphones are your best bet for planes.
color headphones color silver black	I also would like to know if they are silver or black. http://www.pioneerelectronics.com/pna/v3/pg/product/details/0,,2076_310069639_108990338,00.html On Pioneer's site they are black. I do not see anything in regard to a special edition or something...
use 2 time 1 1	Yes, but only if you sit really close. Like you sitting on her lap. Well maybe not that close, but I've found that these speakers do not have a very wide range. I also find them uncomfortable after more than a hour. Let me know if you e=want to buy a used pair - I know someone who'd sell his.
work iphone hi folks iphone fm transmitter work iphone	Hi, You've probably already gotten the answer to your question as your post is almost three months old. I'll answer anyway in case you haven't gotten an answer or others are wondering the same.
ipods work product work video ipods	"For any iPod with dock connector including iPod nano and iPod video."
anyone users atlanta stations use atlanta	I usually use 88.1
work radios anyone get product work radios besides car	as long as the unit is reasonably near the FM antenna of your stereo it will work fine..if you have a rooftop mounted antenna then it will likely have poor performance..
work europe would work rental car france wonder	yes..it works on FM radio stations..which are the same worldwide!
5m	no it is not 5 meters long, in reference to the cable. it is a little longer than a yard or a meter and a half. the antenna is about 10-13" long
work connect bitmain antminer s1 netgear wireless broadband router	It worked but it made really cheap it broke just as fast as I got but I did notice a big difference for what it cost it should of been better made for sure! It would of been great.    
connect dlink dir615 wireless 80211 n router	I'm sorry but I have no idea . I bought it to enhance my signal and it didn't do the job. I sent it back
hi antenna weatherproof	NO. there are no rubber gaskets protecting it and the wire going to the base portion is not an outdoor grade cable and will crack and wear under outdoor conditions. Its an Indoor Antenna only. I am sure there are some mods that can be done to make it an outdoor antenna but the pain and time and effort to do so will end up costing more than a real outdoor antenna. So no the antenna is not weatherproof, hurricane proof, desert or tornado proof.
work dlink dwlag530	From the picture i see. yes it will. the antenna is a Reverse Polarity SMA connector or RP-SMA. 
improve sig strength clear tower modem	It didn't for us. I couldn't tell that it did anything. We gave up on clear and got cable.
body condition many actuations please get back thanks	Also I bought the camera used. I have probably shot 20,000 pics with it because it is not my primary camera. No idea how many shots taken before or what maintenance may have been performed. It was previously used by a news outlet though.
1 memory card slot two	Two.
see pictures autual camera buy new	This camera is no longer available. Look at the Canon EOS 1D Mark IV.
work well bluray player anyone actually used bluray player	Yes, the headphones will work with a blu-ray player. Make sure that your blu-ray player has an input jack for either a digital optical audio cable or a digital coaxial audio cable. The headphone transmitter has connections for both types of cables which allows you to connect to two separate audio sources.
use 2 headphones timehishers	From what I understand in the documentation, the second headphone must be wired to an headphone output directly on the transmitter. The pro logic effect is also applied the this output to get the same as on the wireless signal received by the headphones.. And I didn't see anything about a second wireless pair of headphones at the same time!! Sorry.
last says pioneer replacing sedir800c	Well i am wondering the same thing too. They seem to have replacement models on the Japanese pioneer website, but who knows if we are getting em here in the US. Seeing as how your post was almost a year ago, i guess its a safe bet to say that we may not be.
cannon eos 1d mark ii n enough mp drawback camera	what is your 5dmarkiii like ? have you solved your focus,moisture and other design/production problems ???? is it lighter and better than the nikons ????? when can i have it and at what price ? arnmax1@ gmx.com / have you solved
everything picture come purchase	yes
playing car stereo connectors	I assume your using a direct plug from the headphone jack to the stereo and not going through your radio tuner via a transmitter. The transmitters are notorius for low volume on all MP3 players. If your going direct through the headphone jack and you are facing more than a slight degradation in voulme levels, I think you might have a connection problem at the MP3 or the stereo
battery life short says 15 hours apply 15 hours press anything	Yes, I think it gets 15 hours of battery life only if you are not really using the player much during those 15 hours. If you press buttons/look at the screen, the battery life is much shorter.
ac charger available zen v plus ac charger available zen v plus	Yes. Visit www.gomadic.com They have a charger. Amazon also carries the product. It's around $20.00
zen v plus available anyone know purchase zen v plus	at www.dell.com its at a nice price and there is free shipping and handling for a limited time.
anyone know player finally shipped anyone know preordered ones shipped today 822 originally estimated	I just tried purchasing and it said estimated shipping is October 23, 2006. Ugh! &lt;edit&gt; I just ordered it from creative.com. It's $179 not including tax. Total came to $189 with free shipping.
release date word release date player	I pre-ordered the Zen V and this is what Amazon listed for the ship date: "Estimated ship date for this item: August 22, 2006"
blurry images portrait canon 70300 anyone elaborate problem advise find pro review problem	There is a post abou this problem on Canon's support web site - they are working on a fix: http://www.usa.canon.com/consumer/controller?act=PgComSmModDisplayAct&keycode=2112&fcategoryid=216&modelid=11922
lens expensive canon 75300 lens less expensive 70300 ud lens specific thank	Since you aren't being specific about which 75-300, I'll just assume it's because they don't have image stabilization (IS). Cheaper Canon 75-300mm lenses don't usually have this feature. The UD lenses have fluorite (I think) elements.
good sports photography	i have found longer lenses work better for sports they crop the subject better, the color is better and they can catch action better on the bottom end and dial in on a subject on the top end to get a lens with 70 mm on th bottom is useful for wide shots but 200-300 mm is better.
lens good landscapingnature pictures	Briefly, yes. The quality of the lens is good and therefore it can yield a good image. As you know, the telephoto lens will draw the background closer and that aspect can promote an interesting perspective (relationship between foreground and background).
safari next year comments say great budget wildlife lens work well safari though dusk early morning light	It worked very well for me in Africa. I was able to take great pictures of Lions without being up close.
lens work canon 6d last time put lens t2i screw focusing screen	This is an EF lens meaning it is compatible with any Canon DSLR including the 6D. The 6D can not use EF-S lenses, those are for crop cameras only (Rebels, 70D, etc.).
70300mm lens fit canon eosm canon eosm ef lens adapter	yes.
I debating ef 70300 f456 usm eos cameras efs 55250 f456 ii telephoto lenses anyone help compare	I have the 70-300 mm and attest that it has good optics and the build quality is excellent.
looking point shoot 50x magnification equivalent magnification canon lense	Hi. I think that if you are looking for a point and shot like that, it is better to buy a DSLR entry level and consider buying a lens zoom, at the same time or when you can. You will appreciate my advice.
lens come us warranty	Yes, I believe it does. This is not a gray market item. It is sold by the manufacturer through numerous retailers, but the warranty applies to all US sales.
fast forward rewind anyone issue	hold the &lt;&lt; or &gt;&gt; down for a bit and it rewinds/fast forwards, you release when you are to the point you want to be at. a quick tap will go back and forward by track. hope this helps!
runners anyone experience nano running	I have had no problems with the nano and running, but I'mnot running 10-20 miles! At 3-5 miles, it has no problems. I bought the (yeah, overpriced...) armband and it works well.
ipod nano 2nd gen freezing people bought nano 2g recently within 12 months still experiencing problem	I recently bought the 8GB Nano from Amazon and returned it within a week due to the problems you describe.
battery come anything recharge battery	Why not just try to reset it? 1. Toggle the Hold switch on and off. 2. Press and hold the Menu and Center (Select) buttons simultaneously until the Apple logo appears, about 6 to 8 seconds. You may need to repeat this step.
download songs cloud player laptop computer	Hello Im not sure what you are asking but if you have a Cloud account ok.
playlists products support playlists	I'm not sure if you are talking about sorting or playlists. It supports searching by albums, artists and genre. It also lets the user search by typing in keywords. It also supports playlists and creating new playlists.
'add playing' feature	I know exactly what you mean. Let me know if you find something with that playlist option.
battery life long battery last longer retains charge	I think the battery is designed to last the life of the player because it is not removable
amazon overcharging amazon sure knows doin overcharging older product popular girls know charge rediculous price people still buy wth	I bought a reconditioned one from Apple for $99, added additonal 2 yr warranty for $39, best deal I could find.
big headphone port	The headphone port on this thing is the standard, super common 1/8" or 3.5mm you'd find on cheapie headphones in the local drugstore.
need case suggestions	I bought a clear plastic snap on case that I love. Found the case at radio shack. The only thing is that it exposes the dial to dirt. But its great. I too wanted to show off my "LilyPod" cute name huh? lol. I did not want to hide it in another color case. My snap on case does not make the nano any bigger or heavier.
put song ipod delete pc automatically delete ipod next hook	no, just make sure you leave the song in your itunes playlist (and stop it deleting automatically in your options settings).
nano vista	Not sure if this helps but I got my 6-year-old 1st generation(!) ipod to work with Vista with no problems. If I can get that old dinosaur to be Vista compatible I'm sure the nano should work just fine.
battery come anything recharge battery	Why not just try to reset it? 1. Toggle the Hold switch on and off. 2. Press and hold the Menu and Center (Select) buttons simultaneously until the Apple logo appears, about 6 to 8 seconds. You may need to repeat this step.
download songs cloud player laptop computer	Hello Im not sure what you are asking but if you have a Cloud account ok.
amazon overcharging amazon sure knows doin overcharging older product popular girls know charge rediculous price people still buy wth	I bought a reconditioned one from Apple for $99, added additonal 2 yr warranty for $39, best deal I could find.
big headphone port	The headphone port on this thing is the standard, super common 1/8" or 3.5mm you'd find on cheapie headphones in the local drugstore.
need case suggestions	I bought a clear plastic snap on case that I love. Found the case at radio shack.
put song ipod delete pc automatically delete ipod next hook	no, just make sure you leave the song in your itunes playlist (and stop it deleting automatically in your options settings).
nano vista	Not sure if this helps but I got my 6-year-old 1st generation(!) ipod to work with Vista with no problems.
anyone issues batteries getting stuck body	No
canon 5 someone tell many pictures able take canon 5 change batteries	The 5D can take up to 800 shots on a fully charged BP-511A battery. ^^
full frame	Yes
5d old large sd cards anyone know conversion kit available use regular small sd card	I searched the topic, and it appears this is possible with the correct adapter.
anyone know bettery grip get see mark ii mark iii grips sale either fit	BG-E4 is the one you're looking for
menu chinese	The menu on the Canon EOS 5D has 15 language selections, 4 of which have symbols looking asiatic. I have too believe that since China represents a huge market that one of the 4 is Chinese.
dpi camera got dpi alters camera	I'm not certain I follow you. DPI, is dots per inch and that has to do with printers. Cameras that are digital have a sensor that is measured in mega pixels. As the add says the 5D has 12.8 megapixels or 4,368 x 2,912 pixels. and that size can be adjusted down to: Also 3,168 x 2,112 and 2,496 x 1,664 in the camera settings. 
camera cosmetic problems	None whatsoever.
work landscape photo course work nyip plus professional work	yes it should do just fine
many actuations	150000
difference nano black nano bluepinksilver difference besides price usd$219 usd$193 ipod black expensive others	well, the black ipod nano is exclusive, i suppose...its now released only in an 8 GB version
fast forward rewind anyone else order card	hold the &lt;&lt; or &gt;&gt; down for a bit and it rewinds/fast forwards, you release when you are to the point you want to be at. a quick tap will go back and forward by track. hope this helps!
runners anyone experience nano running	I have had no problems with the nano and running, but I'mnot running 10-20 miles! At 3-5 miles, it has no problems. I bought the (yeah, overpriced...) armband and it works well. I do often carry the nano around all day in my work as a carpenter, and it hasn't had problems there, either. 
ipod nano 2nd gen freezing people bought nano 2g recently within 12 months still experiencing problem	I recently bought the 8GB Nano from Amazon and returned it within a week due to the problems you describe. I thought I was the only one.
4g ipod apple soft ware covert mp3 files loaded ipod start scratch purchase itunes	Mateo, there was no need to purchase additional software: iTunes will do the conversion for you if you try to add WMA files (this is a Windows only feature, see http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?artnum=301509).
audible format hours held anyone idea many total hours audible format nano holds	1 GB of storage space should hold about 70 hours of audible audio in format 4 (highest quality). So, a 1 GB nano would hold 70, 2GB about 140, and 4 GB about 280 hours.
someone gave bose docking station nano compatible	No, nano 4 does not have Bluetooth capability. You need a nano 7th gen for Bluetooth.
get nano play car stereo nano like ipods set radio station play music	If you use an FM transmitter, like those from griffintechnology.com, yes - it works the same. 
nano vs video nano like ipods set radio station play music	I have a nano they suck, mine has broken three times and every time i send it in it takes forever to come back if you must get one be careful dont drop them at all or the screen will split then it is imposible to see what your playing.
suitable slik monopod pro pod 600	As long as the threading is 3/8, rather than 1/4, you're good.
one fit sprint mini2 sbh100dq	If it has a standard 1/4" thread on top it should.
recently bought pro 624 cfl sh 704e head thread large screw head need	If you're hand with tools I suppose you could re-tap it into the appropriate size but getting the parts with the correctly matching bolt/thread would be a better idea.
canon 5d mark iii cannon 100400mm lens ok need heavier one like lighter weight ball head	Hey Barbara, I would definitely try one a little sturdier. I have this one now on a lighter Nikon (D7000) and primarily use a smaller lens (18-105) and I think it is about at capacity and maybe a little under-qualified. Just one man's opinion but I think something more robust would suit your very nice set up better.
smooth head work video slider thanks advance	Not really, I have used it with a video camera but it is a bit jerky. It is best used with a heavy camera lens combo.
hi confirming work slik sprint mini ii tripod	Works perfectly fine
confused one answer says model takes 38 thread another says 14 thread	It is a 1/4"
3way pan head adopt mount slik carbon pod 382 model appreciate thanks	I do not own SLIK carbon pod 382 model.
stud size accept tripod mount older slik 14 stud	Dear Stephen: the Slik Compact 3-Way Pan Head has a 1/4" stud on its rather small base. The panhead is very light duty.
also velbon stratos 480 velflo 10 ph268r head plate fit mine	I do nor know. My apologies
would work sunpak 6400 ut	Be careful. I ordered it and they sent me the wrong one. It had the right bar code sticker but the wrong box and part.
fit video mate 607	I have a Velbon tripod. It is not the same model but it looks the same as yours. The shoe fits mine perfectly.
need one velbon stratos 480 video	This Replacement shoe worked perfect for me. I am not familiar with the specific video.
quick release plate work velbon videomate 601	I am not sure. I own the Velbon DV-7000 and have never seen the videomate 601. Sorry I couldn't be of much help.
shoe recommended replacement s900 tripod	No you should use QB-5L or QB-5RL depending on the pan head. PH-258 RED uses qb-5l and PH-368 BLK uses the RL
need shoe velbon stratos470 tripod fit	QB-5L
big shoe spot would fit tripod 2 x 1 34	If you can find your tripod brand and model number that should be the criteria you use to look for a new shoe, IMO. However, I know that may not be available. 
work tamron lenses canon bodies well	Absolutely. It worked great on my Canon plus Tamron lens.
stylus pens work model	Pressure stylus, you can order from HP still. Good luck.
long battery life swap battery take interchange easily	Battery life is around two hours and you can swap out the battery easily.
optical drive optical drive	A optical drive is dvd or cd rom that you connect threw a usb or docking station. The tc4200 does not have dvd or cd drive on the unit. So you would need a optical drive.
auto focus work ef70300mm f456 usm lens	Only in very well lit situations. Outside, bright sun.
use tamron 150600mm lens canon 7d	i am using it whin my canon 60D, so with 7D it should work too.
work canon ef 70300mm f456l concerned lens clearance mounts camera hit	I ordered Tamron 1.4x for my Nikon. I have not had any problems with the Teleconverter. But realize that I made sure it was for a Nikon not Canon.
work canon t3i using tamron 70300mm di vc sp usd lens	yes, i'm using a canon 60D and this teleconverter with this 70_300 lens. Perfectly fine.
would fit 18mm270mm canon camera	I have it on my Nikon. I would suggest checking further to see if it is compatable.
mouse bought couple years ago newegg around $30 question world expensive	Because demand has gone up. This mouse is no longer made. This mouse has a huge presence in many gaming communities.
supposed dent looking things metal	I believe so. Mine has them but the surface is actually smooth.
mx518 mx518 high performance I unsure mouse $200 bought mine less 3 months ago $30	No. People are trying to make easy money over-hyping something that is still available for nearly the same price it was released years ago. They discontinued the mouse, but it is NOT that rare yet, and CERTAINLY not worth 200 dollars.
old version 1600 dpi newer 1800 dpi revision thanks	This is the 1600dpi version.
mx518 angle snapping anyway turn	Googling around it looks like it's in the hardware itself. Sorry :(.
c'mon amazon match price buycom $3964 also $15 mail rebate match price	agree you :)
mac compatible	Yes
rebate form newer rebate form available	this Logitech MX518 optical gaming mouse "rebate" is good thru 2/26/2011. the URL for rebate is shown below: http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/00/00/13/04/44/67/1304446730._V170842935_.pdf
would work canon t4i camera lens 55250mm lens 1855mm	This close up lens will work on any camera and lens, the lens must have 58mm filter threads or an inexpensive filter adapter to 58mm will work fine. I doesn't interact with the camera in any way it only allows your lens to focus much closer but it will work much better with telephoto lenses like the 55-250.
want jewelry photography need attach 58mm telephoto zoom lens buy macro lens	I use this item as part of my macro kit because I don't want to pay for or carry around a macro lens. Having said that, I'm sure that there macro lenses out there that provide better magnification and possibly better image quality depending on the merit of whatever lens you use the 500D on.
use focus lens attached focus first attach close lens	You screw it onto your lens just like a filter. You then focus the same way you would without it. It allows you to focus in much closer than with just a non-macro lens. It works really well.
canon sx3 buy closeup lens also need canon ladc58c conversion lens adapter	Call 1-800-OKCanon it's their photo tech support.
work efs 1855mm	sorry, don't know anything about an EF-S 18-55 mm.... but from my limited experience with my Nikon and Olympus lenses, the critical thing is the size of the lens...58mm vs 62mm vs 72mm....My Canon 500d works on every 58mm and smaller diameter lenses as long as i have an appropriate step-up ring... good luck...If unsure, try it...
work sigma 70300mm f456 dg autofocus lens nikon d40	Yes, if that lens is threaded for 58mm filters. It should do very well for you.
work canon 70200mm f4	If the filter threads match it will work beautifully. The Canon 500D was designed as a close up diopter (multi-element) filter for telephoto lenses.
work 18270mm	I have no experience with that lense, it's 58mm threaded. It may work but you will likely get major vigneting.
lens work nikon d3200 5530mm af lens	This will work on Nikon lenses as long as thread size on lens is same as thread size on this close up.
compatible mac webcam compatible macs mac os x tiger	macam should allow you to use most webcams in OS X Tiger. Just download and install the software from here: http://webcam-osx.sourceforge.net/ Here's their compatability list: http://webcam-osx.sourceforge.net/cameras/index.php
anyone know use 14x tc canon 100400 zoom still retain autofocus	I have a 75-300 zoom and it does in fact autofocus.
g400s	I have owned the MX518 for 8 years. It has FINALLY started to die on me. The MX518 has quite the reputation among FPS video game communities, namely Counter-strike. It is not unheard of for this mouse to be referred to as the greatest mouse ever made. It handles beautifully, and fits the hand perfectly.
mouse worth price I shall I answer say yes mouse handed heavens gods owners vote confirm	Best mouse I've ever used, period. I sometimes will take it with me to work if I'm at the computer all day. I've ended up having three or four other friends purchase the mouse over the years and they are also all still running! Can't say enough. Exceptional.
logitech quickcam notebooks deluxe anyone owns webcam tell adjust picture make clear	Clean the lens!
use windos xp	Yes, you CAN use it on XP.
ibm laptop webcam attached ibm thinkpadas bit broader comparision laptops	no.you can't, at leat to the lenovo z61t series and y series.
ichat recently bought camera hoping could video chat friends mac [i one I using aim] far 2 people I asked said work anyone know compatible mac users	I have my mother using the webcam on her Dell, using AIM. I go through Ichat. It worked for a while, but I had to invite her to videochat. Picture quality was poor. She could never invite me. Now, it doesnt work at all, and am wondering if it is just my mother who isnt very tech savvy, or if it is the stinkin cam.
mac drivers quickcam version download os version running	Hey Fung, I bought the Logitech Quickcam for Notebooks Deluxe (B). I have a iBook G4, OS X version 10.4.11, and downloaded macam hoping I could web-cam with family in the USA (calling from New Zealand). Macam shows me the picture, and has no sound, but the macam is not supposed to be a conference program..just the driver.
would lens work nikon d90	I meant yes it will work.
lens support full frame camera nikon d750	Yes, it supports full frame, but I have not tried it with the D750.
work nikon d60	I have the Canon 7d and it works find with it. I don't know about the Nikon.
lens good nikon d750 good full frame	Yes
lens work canon rebel t3i	No it's for Nikon. There's other sigma 24-70's that will work, but you'll have to check the specs and make sure it's for Canon mount
lens expensive compare another stores difference 300 usd	no HSM (hyper sonic motor) so it wont work with the d3000 series and d5000 series. if yours has a built in focus motor, then your good
work d5000 would cons better choice nikon 24 70mm 5000 full frame	The sigma 24-70 is also for full frame (DG), but yes, it'll work with the d5000 and it's cheaper than the nikon.
work canon 5d different	It works with the 5D. It has to do with the fluoride treatment on the lens.
canon t2i	Yes it will work
use nikon d3200 I looking good lenses large group portraits indoors perhaps outdoors	If the d3200 has a drive screw. the Sigma 24-70 is a great lens, but has no own motor drive. Check your camera manual or a camera review if the 3200 does....
would lens work nikon d90	I meant yes it will work.
lens support full frame camera nikon d750	Yes, it supports full frame, but I have not tried it with the D750.
work nikon d60	I have the Canon 7d and it works find with it. I don't know about the Nikon.
lens good nikon d750 good full frame	Yes
lens work canon rebel t3i	No it's for Nikon. There's other sigma 24-70's that will work, but you'll have to check the specs and make sure it's for Canon mount
lens expensive compare another stores difference 300 usd	no HSM (hyper sonic motor) so it wont work with the d3000 series and d5000 series. if yours has a built in focus motor, then your good
work d5000 would cons better choice nikon 24 70mm 5000 full frame	The sigma 24-70 is also for full frame (DG), but yes, it'll work with the d5000 and it's cheaper than the nikon.
work canon 5d different	It works with the 5D. It has to do with the fluoride treatment on the lens.
mac drivers quickcam version download os version running	hey what did you end up doing? I'm in the same situation.
best webcam skype builtin mic suggestions	I use the red Hue HD with Skype and really like it for its simplicity (and because it works on my Mac and in Boot Camp). What kind of features are you looking for? If you list more perhaps we can help!
use nikon d3200 I looking good lenses large group portraits indoors perhaps outdoors	If the d3200 has a drive screw. the Sigma 24-70 is a great lens, but has no own motor drive. Check your camera manual or a camera review if the 3200 does....
canon t2i	Yes it will work
use nikon d3200 I looking good lenses large group portraits indoors perhaps outdoors	If the d3200 has a drive screw. the Sigma 24-70 is a great lens, but has no own motor drive. Check your camera manual or a camera review if the 3200 does....
would lens work nikon d90	I meant yes it will work.
lens support full frame camera nikon d750	Yes, it supports full frame, but I have not tried it with the D750.
work nikon d60	I have the Canon 7d and it works find with it. I don't know about the Nikon.
work d5000 would cons better choice nikon 24 70mm 5000 full frame	The sigma 24-70 is also for full frame (DG), but yes, it'll work with the d5000 and it's cheaper than the nikon.
work canon 5d different	It works with the 5D. It has to do with the fluoride treatment on the lens.
canon t2i	Yes it will work
direction air flow come side vr knob enter vr knob	It comes out of the VR knob side. It's very easy to disassemble if you want to reverse it. Depending on how much of it you want reversed, you could undo 1 bolt to slip the VR Knob off and flip it, or you could undo the bottom 2 and flip the stand around.
long think 20000mah battery could power	If you mean a battery with a 20,000 mAh capacity and a fan with a .400 A continuous current drain, then the battery could power the fan for 20,000 mAh/400 mA = 50 Hrs
long cord stretch	Stretched all the way out it was 64" long.
seems standard speed reference anyone know max high speed cannot compute calculations	Max speed is 3000 RPM lowest speed is 1300 RPM. These are approximate values given by the manufacturer.
want stand want mount fan back entertainment center	screwdriver could easily take it off. I've modded mine with sugru for less vibration transfer into my case.
bought help cool gaming pc really run hot tall cooler better would better force air pc	I would say to draw out or circulate hotter air flowing out away from the CPU.
usb cord sold separately	The cord does detatch from the fan but I don't know if it is sold separately.
used mold washers	Yes it can! That's why I purchased it. With a bit of glue, a 3" to 2" PVC pipe reducer, an AC to USB adapter, and a few zip ties I now have a fan that attaches to my washer. Saved me about $40 over the washer kit you can buy online. I leave it on all the time and it keeps the mold away.
lens work canon rebel t3i	No it's for Nikon. There's other sigma 24-70's that will work, but you'll have to check the specs and make sure it's for Canon mount
pretty good personal fan keep cool	This is a great fan: It's one of the few that have a rheostat to control fan speed. It is basically a CPU fan from a computer and I had the same initial concern about its ability to move air, however the area where I work has no air movement and this does a great job in keeping me cool. Several of my co-workers have purchased the same item and are equally impressed.
lens good nikon d750 good full frame	Yes
lens expensive compare another stores difference 300 usd	no HSM (hyper sonic motor) so it wont work with the d3000 series and d5000 series. if yours has a built in focus motor, then your good
come black cuz see picture blue red one	I got the red one not sure if it came in blue
strap swivels quick release thank	Yes swivels no qiuck release
long strap	I do not have my camera at this location. I'll answer next week when I have possession of it.
vr knob	The VR knob controls the speed of the fan.
genuine canon strap flexible rectangular viewfinder cover anyone show explain attaches eyepiece thanks	On a "genuine" Canon strap there should be the flexible viewfinder cover. To use it you must remove the eye cup, pull upwards. Then you can slide the cover on in it's place. I never use it, just too cumbersome with out a real need.
neck strap fit canon rebel t3i ship ireland	Yes that camera strap fits your rebel camera. I have a t3i and bought this same strap:)
let connect mac mini pc set speakers 1 aux input	The Nyrius SW100 has 3 inputs and 1 output. Connect the output to your speakers. The three inputs can connect to whatever units you want. The three inputs I have are a PC, a Bluray player, and Directv unit. After getting good sound from the three inputs, try to avoid touching the Nyrius. It is very sensitive and touching it can cause the sound to sputter. Of course, when switching to a different input you must move the switch on the top of the Nyrius to whatever you are watching.
bose cinemate speakers hooked cable boxhowever want use ps3 hook optical switch tvwill help	As I understand it, you have audio going from your cable box to your speakers, then you have audio going from your PS3 to your TV. 
would possible daisy chain two together effectively handle five device inputs overall	Technically Yes. These are very simple switches. So if on your first one you link this to a sound system, you can use one of its 3 import slots for the second device. 
provided dimensions product dimensions 81 x 81 x 32 inches 152 ounces correct seems bit large	Hi Juan, No, those specs are incorrect. The dimensions are about 4" by 5" and about an inch and a half high. I would estimate the weight to be about six ounces. The product has worked perfectly so far. I would not describe it as rgggedly built, but it gets the job done. I hope this helps. Tom
item durable	Yes. I absolutely love this device.
use connect 2 componets toslink one toslink input receiver	Yes
use backwards want 3 outputs 1 input instead possible	I tried didn't work. Tried to patch Apple TV and Netflix through single optical input using this device. Didn't work. Sorry.
nyrius sw100 include optical cables	No. It doesn't.
tv projector hook cable order watch tv	Yes, you just need to hook up the Component inputs from the back of your receiver (or cable box) via a long cable to the projector. Use the VGA to Component adapter supplied.
always need plugged external power source	Yes. I doesn't have an internal battery.
need external speakers show living room wall	Not with this model. There are two pretty good built-in speakers. There are also plugs for external speakers if you want something with richer sound and a sub-woofer.
connect thre tvto sattelite blue ray player sound ststem	I purchased this device so that I could connect multiple optical devices to my surroundsound system that only had one port available.
splitter need power	No power required. Just plug in and switch!
headset usb connection jacks	Jacks. Two jacks - one for audio one for mic. Not USB.
volume control mute button	No its does not.
head set use one ear	You use both ears. If you're looking for a headset to buy with a microphone, buy the Koss SB-45. It works wonders for what you want to use it for.
handle volume control cord	you do it on the computer.
bass I noticed headphones make voice lot higher pitched sound great	The bass is fine. The headset has a balanced sound.
cannot hear talk end yelling microphone normal	You should be hearing sounds coming from the device you're connected to, not the sounds you put into the device. You shouldn't hear yourself talk unless it's a play back of a recording...
work pad	Yes, it works on my IPad and my IPod. It gives me great sound. Bob
work mac	It should
version number disk verbatim 47 gb 16 x speed	For the price, it is the best you can buy. I try to get Verbatim DVD-R because on my HP desktop computer and the video software I use, it is the best. I does not matter the version number of this disk. What matters is that it is 4.7 Gb with a speed of 16. You will be able to record movies, photographs, music and much more.
put music discs	Absolutely you can, but they will not play in a regular CD player, only a machine that plays DVDs.
order 95101 package really get 95101 ie data life would anyone happen know media code	i know your concern and all I can say is that I received the authentic 95101 AZO Taiwan made discs for DVD-r (The +R were/are 95098 AZO from Taiwan as well) DVD-r is ID'd as Manufacturer ID: MCC 03RG20 DVD+r is ID'd as MID: MCC-004-00
letters r r rw rw mean	-r alot dvd players play only those,+r they better then r but as i said you need look dvd they might take +r i just know my old dvd player or some the new ones wont play them two rw mean u rewrite those discs alot but those very expensive
earpads conform well enough comfortable wear glasses hours	Yes, the earpads conform well enough that these are comfortable to wear over glasses for hours. I should know because I wear glasses and they fit just fine over the legs of the glasses. I hope I answered your question with what you want to hear.
dell intelr burn pictures dvdr	No these are for recording only. buy DVR-RW
average life expectancy need survive long time	If you Google the question, it still remains to be seen if the data after 25-50 years is still completely intact. There are numerous factors that can affect this, ie., how they are stored (such as upright in their case, humidity free, etc.) gravity, how they have been handled, manufacturer quality control, etc.
use ipads	You bet. You'll need an adaptor to combine the mic and speaker cables, but works like a charm.
write information disc directly need lables	Do you mean "Do I need labels"? Labels are nice, of course, but you can also write on the top of the disc with a permanent marker, with some caveats. There are now thoughts that even marker ink will eventually bleed through the top surface and degrade your recording. 
pop n side laptop record youtube videos kind free software use	you should be able to do that if your lap top has a dvd rw burner, if it doesn't have that then you might need to look for another disk type, if your lap top can make disks, some of them just come with just a cd rom only.  
smoke detector batteries sit side side opposite	I don't use them in a smoke detector I use them in a security system and it only takes one battery at a time
difference cr123 &amp cr123a	There are no difference between CR123 and CR123a batteries. They have the same size, only their names are different because CR123A is a most common names. Stay away from Ultralast.
batteries use flashlights	They are used in camera's as far as I know
possible use laptop didnt see 35 mm connector	This is a traditional set of speakers with the two wire cable that connects to the back of a stereo amplifier. 
anyone recommend good amp power 4 speakers	Actually, I bought an old Sony home theater receiver from Craigslist for $20. These older receivers (the ones with Dolby Prologic but not Dolby Digital and/or DTS) have A and B speaker outputs, which can both be run at the same time for a total of four speakers in stereo. 
need copy many pics computer disc play computer dvd player best way go	Yes it is a good method. You also can use a CD, but it's the same idea.
work satellite radio receiver without amp	Unless its producing at least 20 watts per channel they will probably not sound very good.
last long batteries stored use	2 years
need outdoor speakers av type hookups real expensive loud enough recommendations	these speakers will do the job...depending on how big your space is I would by 4 and take advantage of the shipping costs and price...
rms per speaker 50 watts per speaker 50 watts per pair also confused ohms speakers 4 8	There is a speed in your car that once reached gives you that comfortable pleasure of driving.
need hook speakers projector outdoor movie theatre	If the question is in regard to speaker wire connections, these speakers take an open speaker wire. I would purchase a set (4) of banana plugs from Amazon, Home Depot or an electronic store. There are many different variations that boast different quality sound so that in itself is a decision. 
speakers individual volume control multiple indoor outdoor speakers amp need different volume outputs	No
sound quality speaker outside would recommend outdoor party	They sound great at medium volume, but will distort at full volumn, 250 watts
oh wrong question hook ups called rca type plugs speakers type hookups	RCA plugs refer to the slide on hubs. These speakers do not have that type of hook up. They have the style where you push down on the red or black tab, slide the wire in and let go. However, RCA plugs can be snipped off at the speaker end, strip the wire and used with these speakers if you can do it.
burned dvd disc computer play dvd player	It depends on how you burn it. You can set your computer drive to burn a disc as a "Data" disc ( only a computer can read it ) or as a DVD which will allow it to play on a DVD player.
av type hook ups know ones male end redwhite yellow	What you are among is if they have RCA Jacks . No , they do not . These have bare wire clamps
see voltage specification product description use 120v 240v	120 v
side intakeouttake outlets utility port directly connect vacuum hose thanks	Either. Just remove the plug from the side you want to hook up. My unit came with a 3-way PVC "T" connector with a spring loaded gasketed cap to use as the utility port. Have to assemble yourself but slips right on. No PVC cement necessary. 
airwatt rating unit	What is an airwatt
besides buying hose &amp accessory kit anything else need buy canister run unit come hepa filter	It does have a hepa filter. Hose and head is all you need. Power head is recommended.
replacing 25 year old unit even know name use without power head I I would rather buy one	Does not require a power head. Suction is so much stronger than our previous unit.
vac work existing hoses plug hose turns	It works with Nutone hoses that have and electric line incorporated into them. Then your controls are on the tool.
many square feet house cover	Our house is 3000 sq ft.
sony dcrtrv38 work camera	Looking at the compatibility chart here http://www.sony-asia.com/microsite/support/compatibility/MemoryCard_MS/videocamera.htm, it doesn't seem so.
replacing 30 year old model 353 able use old wall mount electrical goes wall outlets work	You will not be able to use the old wall mount but this will come wirh a new one simple install only a couple screws. The electrical should work as well. Only issue we had is the exaust pipe is in a different location so you may neednto rework that pipe.
adapter work sony dscs75 cybershot camera	Hi, this adapter will not work on your Sony Cybershot DSC-S75 since the maximum compatible size of media card is up to 128 MB only. -Ely
buy replace memory stick pro duo 10 gb	It depends on what you need, but there are already 64 gig micro
compatability wonder memory card goes sony dsc w80	yes a pro duo memory card will work
old sony memory stick&amp memory stick pro sony digital camera uses memory stick use memory stick pro duo media camera	You'll probably be able to use the Memory Stick Pro, you'll need to actually check that the camera supports it first though. 
beautiful 2002 soy fd mavica 12 mp 6x camerai floppy disks would like use memory stickany suggestions would appreciated	Hi, you may use a memory stick on this Sony Mavica, however memory size that this camera will accept are memory stick 128 MB. 1GB will not be accepted or recognized. -Ely
unit backlit keyboard	No it doesn't
touch pad tap click touch pad tap click feature	I do not own it but am I am researching this keyboard also. According to the manual at Adesso's web site, the touchpad does have a tap to click feature. I'm not sure if the feature can be turned off. Keyboard owner manuals at http://adesso.com/index.php/en/support/techical-support/drivers-and-manuals
vista compatable	Not for me. It works fine on XP, but on Vista it types random characters.
touchpad driver list specific drivers regular slimtouch anyone tried use slimtouch mini drivers keyboard	Yes, I tried a few months ago...at that time they didn't work.
please pardon rookie question I new central vac systems auto powers open wall hose port	Yes it does when you insert the hose.
use mac	To be honest, I don't know for sure, but I strongly suspect you can use with mac. It just requires a USB port. Plug in the dongle and it loads a generic keyboard driver, at least with Windows, but I don't know why it would not work with Mac too.
smart scrolling	I have no idea what "smart scrolling" is. This keyboard has a touchpad for scrolling and it works exactly like a touchpad on a laptop computer.
long range 50 feet computer back roomoffice hi anyone tell think keyboard would work ok living room computer office 4050 feet away	Seems a bit too far as does a 50' HDMI cable.
use hook two towers one monitor	This simple cable is to connect 1 VGA (Computer/Output) to 2 (Monitors/Inputs), which is useful for having 2 monitors in different locations viewing the same output, like a security system video output. If you want to connect 2 Towers (Computers) to 1 Monitor, you will need a VGA Switch box or a KVM to be able to select which Computer to be displayed on the Monitor.
keyboard work macbook air	It does not work with my Macbook. Though it connects to my Sony Windows based computer with no issues.
kit come power adapter see one listed product description	Hey Michael No it does not it ships as you see it in the picture.
need cable work 2 monitors 1 computer two different displays using vga connections able extend view display 1&amp2	It working like clone. Same video 2 monitors. I use 1 monitor and computer in bedroom and Tv in living room. It's ok.
cable conceal second monitor showing windows 7 windows 8 need sync monitors one windows	Im not excatly sure what your asking, but the computer has no idea that this thing is in use. it will just split whatever the vga output is. We have this hooked up the vga output of a laptop that goes to a 22" moniter and 2- 60" TVs. They all show the same picture. Hope this helps. Patrick
want setup 2 external monitors laptop 3 monitors total extended displays cable need suggestions	do you see the two little nuts on moniter leads they don't come with them i tryed tohook desktop to moniter an to tv with out little nuts i could not connect the cables.
work fully new mac mini 20 anyone else issue	Ditto here with a Mac Mini 2009.
two productsincluding six foot cable pictured allow see computer screen hdtv ii want run netflix com	right now I am using it to view my computer on my monitor and on my HDTV hope that helps you
isnt working	Didn't waste any time trying to troubleshoot ie measuring resistance between pins etc., they just didn't work; apparently based on reviews, some work and some don't. Probably poor or no Quality Control.
fit 1996 lincoln mark viii lsc	Its a universal so it will fit almost any car it will defently work in any car that has an antenna in the trunk problebly wont work if ur antenna is in the front of the car u juat have to know how to instalal them correctly be sure to read the directions very closely
purchased 2 onlly display one monitor time suggestions	Sorry you are experiencing issues. We had none. We hooked it up and both monitors are displaying just fine.
much total weight unit flush mount	Yes it flush mount
fit 1983 camaro berlinetta	I believe it will. It is universal.
splitter let take 1xvga port pc split 2 monitors mirrored 2 monitors	All this does is put 2 monitors where there was one. The PC does not know that 2 monitors are attached. So you can't 'extend' your desktop from one to another, you just show the same thing on both.
whats difference fullyautomatic semiautomatic retractable car antenna	Hi Nailah, the fully automatic work with your radio Switch, you turn on the radio and the antenna go up, wen you turn off the car or the radio the antenna go down.
fit 1995 lexus gs300	I don't know
wiil fit 1999 nissan maxima	John, I installed mine in a 2006 Avalon. It's fairly large, so I put mine in the trunk. There was a power wire already there so installation was simple. The antenna is great, one of the best I've ever had. The stock sharkfin antenna is so poor it doesn't pull in any distant stations, that's why I opted for this one.
high antenna extend	About the same as a standard antenna. Not sure about exact but I would say about 2 feet maybe 3 feet.
allow hook two monitors one computer use split screen two ie email one screen document	No, it will not. It will only allow you to see the same image on two monitors. It is only electrically copying the output.
many adapters come	Staples shows this SKU is a 4 pack
I looking buy specify single adapter shell pack 4 someone please let know	They come 4 to a pack.
work 1989 cad deville	Thank you for your inquiry. This is Universal Power Antenna so it is not made for a specific vehicle. It comes with six mounting bases so it will fit almost any vehicle.
adapters hold one aa battery per shell two higher capacity	They hold only one AA battery per shell.
fit 1995 toyota camry	will this fix a 1996 Toyota camry
noticed eneloop brand batteries slightly larger regular aa eneloop batteries fit inside shells	Yes, they fit inside the Lenmar Adapter perfectly.
u use rechargeable batteries	No, Daniel. You can use regular batteries. I use rechargeable batteries to have plenty on hand and I've found they last about five times longer than regular disposable batteries.
shell used 18650 batteries dimensions 256 x 071 65 x 18 cm l x dia	No
work rebel xti 400d got bad copy card incompatible camera	I have it in my xti, works great
fit 1998 gmc savana 1500	I don't know for sure, I have an 82 El Camino It has a long enough cable to put it about anywhere. Good luck
usb cable downloading laptop	Yes
record wav	When I download the recordings they are in WMA format
dictation downloaded shortcuts retrieve downloaded normal help	You know what . . . .? I haven't used my digital voice recorder since I got my Macbook which records my voice and then I can lay a track of music over the voice recording. I use it for my hypnosis client's sessions. So I can't help with your question, sorry.
work rebelxt 350	Of course!
mac compatible product mac compatible	Yes it is. Just plug it in and it will just work, just like a mac :) Drag and drop the sound files to wherever you want. It really is that simple.
downloaded today downloaded shortcut cannot recover dictations happened recovered	It should still be on the unit...plug it into your PC and try to view the voice recorder as if it were a hard drive.
good college lectures ds2 seems highend recorders offered amazon would fit needs best another dvr would best	I have used the DS330 but have also been in the first or second row, with great results. Jim
run house cuurent	I went to Radio Shack and got an AC adapter (cost more then the CD player)
switch go plugged power battery	Hello A. MacGregor I always use batterys and have never used DC power. I do not see any switch. I guess the best way to find out is to try it. I wish I could be more helpful. Clarence Munsey
pause rewind within tracks whether cd mp3	Yes you can:)
card reduce busy warnings canon xti anyone know	Great question, I am ready to smash my rebel to bits with a hammer... out of nowhere "Busy" has turned my camera from a great piece of electronics to something less than useless.
plug aux jack car run car speakerd	Unfortunately, I'm not a good contact for this player as mine only worked for about 1/2 of a CD. Hope you have better luck should you decide to buy!
read downlo ded books	I don't think so because the device requires a disk. It will play mp3 files but you can't download directly to the player.
instructions online	There aren't any instructions needed. All you do is put in the cd and press play.
play mp3 audio books cd players compatible	Yes it will play mp3 audio books.The only thing it won't do is save your place in the middle of a chapter, so you will have to skip to the beginning of the last chapter you left off at. Otherwise, as long as what you are listening to is mp3 format, you can listen to just about anything. the player also plays regular cds:) Enjoy!
3 stud	Instructions said to leave the mount as is (minimum width) to mount my TV, but I expanded it to reach 3 studs. I have 6 bolts into studs.
resume capability listening mp3 audio books	This product has a hold feature, but does not allow for resume in the sense that your looking for( such as kindle readers etc ). 
I looking tv wall mount 80 led tv 17' x 14' media rm tilt feature necessary	No but great mount.
work sharp 80 857 model	Yes, the 80" sharp uses the VESA 400mm X 400mm mount configuration. This mount will work for that TV.
coby mpcd521 personal mp3cd player came user guide need online link send copy j chiaramoonte 5603 hersholt lakewood ca 90712	I need a link for it
panasonic tcp65vt60 need sanus vmxa1 adapter bracket vmpl3 directly mount tv	The mounting holes on the back of your screen appear to be 684mm wide by 300mm tall. That means you will NOT need the VMXA1
mount work samsung's 75 inch tvs	We have 3 wall mounted tv's in our home and we only buy Sanus Wall Mounts due to the heavy duty steel they are made of. On this particular model, we have a 80" LED tv mounted and it is solid. Not sure what your 75" tv is, i.e. Plasma, LED, etc., but just confirm the weight of your tv before hanging.
people recommend mounting tilt low profile flush 84 flat lcd much tv stick tilt thanks	I have a 70 inch mounted and it only sticks out about 2 -3 inches
mount work pioneer 60 plasma pdp6020	It should be fine. We use it with 60, 70 and 80 Sharp monitors. Like most mounts, it comes with an assortment of screws and washers in order to be compatible with virtually any mainstream brand.
one last q panasonic tcp65vt60 wall studs 16 apart mount accommodate three 3 stud attachment	Yes. I got my Panasonic last year and got it mounted to 3 studs. Solid as a rock.
mount security features keep knocked small curious hands	There are two allen head screws that secure the vertical arms (secured to the TV) to the horizontal plate (secured to the wall). These seem to prevent the unit from being accidentally dislodged ;however, on my unit they do not absolutely eliminate the possibility of the TV being moved left/right.
77mm polarizer filter got rain drops ruined rain water dissolve coating filter	I've had that happen a few times, it hasn't done a thing to mine... they seem to remain unaffected with the Nikon brand..
d80 67mm lens want use indoor lighting shoot oil paintings slight varnish lens reduce glare	The filter has worked well for me to reduce glare on windows, water, etc, so I assume it will work well on paintings. (I've not shot paintings with the filter, however.) I'm always amazed at how the view changes as I turn the filter.
stack filter hoya nd400	I'm not much a camera tech so I can't authoritatively answer your question, but I have my polarizing filter on top of a regular daylight filter on my Nikon D40.
length wall mount bracket	I used this wall hanger bracket for a 65 inch TV. The wall bracket is not one piece. It comes in three pieces, which are bolted together, prior to attaching to the wall. 
fit sigma 70300 mm f456 macro telephoto zoom lens	Only if the Sigma has a 52mm thread.
fit sigma 70300mm lens	Sigma makes several models of their 70-300mm lens. Without the specific model, I am unable to determine which filter is needed. The couple of models that I reviewed on Amazon indicate the they use the 58mm filter NOT 52mm filter.
putting lens eliminates need lens hood blocking unwanted light	no, direct sunlight may still enter the lens/
lens cap	My lens cap fits on it. Hope that helps.
nikon d5300 55mm f18 lens would 58mm polarizer compatible thanks	I am not able to identify what lens you have. I can't find a 55mm f/1.8 lens. The polarizer I reviewed was a 52mm dia which is kind of the old standard for Nikon.
filter fit nikon d90	The polaring filter fits on the lens not the camera. It is polarizing filter for a 52mm lens. If the lens fits your Nikon D90, it will work. The filter attaches to the lens
recently purchased panasonic lcd television wondering way could connect pair bose 141 speakers help	I have a separate amp hooked up which drives the speakers
mountable	I don't think so unless you can attach a bracket without drilling into the speaker.
anyone using lens tokina 1116mm uwa	This is a great filter - but whether or not to use it depends on your camera. If you're using any Nikon digital, you're good. And it should work fine with other digital cameras - Canon, etc. 
bought bose 141 series pair speakers wires nothing would make via laptop please help	I do not believe that these speakers are compatible with a computer. 
clip loop attach belt	Loop to attach to a belt.
case fit hx50v shoulder strap	no .only a belt strap.
fit sony tx200v	This case is used for a small Camera only Sony DSC-P93. It is very handy for belt carrying or hand carrying.
fit hx50v	Hi James, Sony LCSCST Carrying Case will not work on Sony DSCHX50V Camera. -Vincent
fit sony dsc wx 350	Hi Krish, yes, the camera will fit inside this case. Thanks_Mitch
fit hx50v	This is not my case, sorry!
rx 100 ii fit case	Barely, with no room for my extra battery and chip. I've got a Case Logic that is perfect for my needs. No Sony case is usable for me.
case fit sony cybershot dscw310 camera	The inside of this case measures 2-1/2"wide by 1-1/8" thick (deep) by about 4" high. If the DSC-W310 doesn't exceed these dimensions, I think it would fit fine.
sony cybershot dsc w7 anyone know case fits camera	No it wont. This case is made to fit much thinner cameras.
fit velbon s400	I found a website that sells photo equipment. It is called: PhotoEtcOnline.com www.photoectonline.com/qb-5l.html the description box list the Velbon s-400 as fitting the QB5LC i
sony dsc h55 camera fits	I am not sure it was a gift
velbon qb5lc fit velbon s600 photovideo tripod head ph258 velflo 8 thanks advance	Wish I could give you a definite answer. I replaced for my Velbon Videomate 500. Must be a listing somewhere, or call Velbon.
fit velbon s4000	The QB-5LC will fit the S-4000 Tripod.
work videomate500	read my review there is a cross reference link in there mike
work velbon cx 540	I believe I had to get a qb6. I'll check and get back to you.
qb 5lc fit velbons600 tripod head thank u advance	The best way to get such info is to consult the manufacturer's website. http://www.velbon.biz/ or use their contact form. http://www.velbon.biz/faq/form.html. It appears to be a Japanese company. The tripod I bought it for was an oldie.
release fit v0552 tripod one order	Did you get an answer, Neil? I have the same question. If not- did you find a release plate that fit?
plate fits camera need base attaches tripod screw attachment style tripod base	I'm not sure I fully understand your question however, this product was missing from my tripod. It slips on the tripod itself. The screw sticking up allows you to mount a camera, etc. to the tripod. For example, I used this on my tripod and then mount a "hog saddle" so I can use the tripod as a rifle mount.
plate work velbon victory 250 tripod would suggest thanks	I brought this plate for a Velflo 8 PH-258 and it was a perfect fit. I been without this plate for years and just decided to take a chance and purchase it. It works
fit ambico v0554	It does not fit V-0554A. I bought it and it is too long.
dimensions plate	Bottom dimensions: 2" x 1.75" Top dimensions: 2.35" x 2"
fit velbon videomate 607	It uses QB-6RL plate.
work ambico v0554 tripod	So sorry, i do not know, but a suggestion to what i did, was check mfg specs to see which one i needed for mine. not so familiar with Ambico, sorry
plate mounting area approx 158 square 41 mm right mounting ambico tripod lacking model	No
wich size	At the base (side that mates with the tripod) it is 4.3 cm square. It does not fit my Velbon S-400 tripod, but I can make it work.
work 4 ambico v0553	Did not work on my V-0540. It is about 1/16" too wide.
work velbon 5000	Works with mine perfect !
velbon s4000 tripod platform fit	Yes
fit ambico 0551	Our plates fit Velbon & OSN Tripod Models.
long optech pro strap	Stretched out from tip to tip it is 56". On the camera, it is around 44" to 46" (this is where I have mine set), but it is fully adjustable to fit to your height.
fit vivitar vpt120	This plate fits only Velbon Tripod models. It has a 1/4 screw that fits most cameras as well as video cameras.
secure attachment camera body something wear use want use nikon d800 grip 70200mm lens	it is the most secure strap you can ever own. I have put on all my cameras and have never had any problems with it. Love that you can unhook the neck strap which folds to put in your bag, I would and do recommend this strap to everyone. I have a Nikon D7000 with a 55-200mm & a 300mm lens no problems.
copy mini dv dvds	Yes. You'll be able to use this on the computer as well via FireWire or USB. Make sure you install the proper drivers and you are good to go
get dvd recorder eject suggestions	Hi, please send us more details about your concern at socialsupport@am.sony.com, give us your contact details and the exact model number of your unit so that we can assist you further. Thanks. Ely.
burn dvds computer	I and many other people who bought and used this do NOT recommend that you buy it. :-)
equipment allow burn dvd's television's dvr recordings	The short answer is No. Twc or DirectTV boxes will not let you output . Apart from that, the DVC 20 is a piece of garbage.
record sandisk camera dvd	The Sony VRDVC20 records INPUT coming into the unit in "real time" (normally video/audio feed from a camcorder or VCR) via the jacks on the back of the Sony VRDVC20 (composite or firewire). 
strap fit canon eos	Yes. It is universal and would fit any camera with integral attachment loop.
burn dvd taping cause want able give family dvd rright perform family reunion	Yes you can use the VRD VC20 to copy the video you have on your camera.
I trying install dvdirect software disc get message saying compatability issues software	sorry can't help.
edit videos unit	It was a long time ago that my unit broke but as I recall you can NOT edit video with it. Do you have a computer? That would be better for editing. I recommend that you look at other options. :-)
record live tv	Yes, if your TV has composite-video out or s-video out. If your thinking of buying one I own 2 and they rarely work properly.
toyota corolla car remote key gp super alkaline 27a 12v battery proper replacement	No
ipod show song lyrics someone tell song lyrics mp3 file ipod nano show lyrics	No, it will not show song lyrics. It will show the artist and song. If you attached a pic then it will show the CD cover, song and artist. Hope this helped.
genuine apple product	purchased this product several years ago. I have not used it in a couple of years but when I got it it was/is a genuine Apple iPod
upgrade shuffle nano problems expect go shuffle nano	your computer will recognize the software.
durability considering buying ipod nano heard friend fragile true false	Yeah. My friend dropped it on the sidewalk and had to replace it.
reviews indicate come original package know expiration date batteries thank	Mine came with the original package. Fresh till 2018.
work well wma format music music computer wma formatdoes work well	no, the ipod nano does not support .wma files according to their help line
looking 27a 12v battery	The battery I received was a Duracell MN27. I was looking for A27/12v and this battery worked fine as a replacement. According to http://ww2.duracell.com/b2b/media/en-US/pdf/tools-info/Duracell_Battery_Cross_Reference_Guide.pdf the MN27 is equivalent to an Energizer A27. Both are 12v. Battery still good since Nov. 2012 in my remote key less start. Hope this helped
batteries made usa	I believe this battery is made in the US but not all are, see the artical below from Wikipedia. Duracell manufactures alkaline batteries in many common sizes, such as AAA, AA, C, D, and 9V, but capacity of Duracell batteries can't be found on the official Duracell site (www.duracell.com).
space much space first recieve ipod	There's already an "operating system" (quotes, because it's not really much of an operating system) on the hard drive, which takes up that extra 38MB that are in a gigabyte. 
ipods work usb 10 able transfer music ipod	not completely true, i have 1.1 usb and mine works fine, but 1.0 usb i dunno. everytime i plug it in it tells me "the device can perform faster" with a usb 2.0....
remote work uverse remote run uverse components	Works fine with Uverse here in the Austin area.
control whole bunch directv receivers like bar 15 rf receivers	No, the 880 is strictly IR only.
remote replace apple tv remote hdmi switcher remote	Apple TV yes. Not sure about HDMI switcher, it probably would because it has a learn function.
built paging system case loose remote	No.
work comcast cable tv controller wondering remote also replace comcast cable tv remote controller including dvr function	I would assume it would. I just bought the Harmony 659 to replace that clunky Comcast digital cable box remote and it works very well.
xfinity x1 dvr work harmony 880	It should, but I don't have personal experience with that particular DVR. I have used this with other DVRs, Blu-ray players, Wii, Xbox, receiver, Dish, etc. This remote is great.
comcast dvr anyone used harmony remotes comcast hd dvr box	What about Comcast On-Demand features? Does this remote work flawlessly with On-Demand? Any comments would be appreciated. Thanks.
playstation 3 harmony 880 programmed work playstation 3	You can buy the remote (includes the IR adapter) for the PS3 off of newegg for about $15 and then replace that remote with the logitech.
correct battery replacement backups rs 1500 model	Yes it is. I purchased one and it's working fine.
compatible time warner cable hddvr receiver compatible time warner cable hddvr receiver	I have the Scientific Atlanta Explorer 8300HD hi-def DVR box with HDMI connection from Time Warner and the remote works perfectly with it. I run the HDMI thru my receiver and I have HDMI from receiver to TV. All I have to do is push one button "watch TV" and all devices turn on. It's great!
supposed return shipping label used battery apc included	I didn't look, and don't remember I gave the batteries to a friend who sells them to a recycling yard.
work windows xp media center pc vista ultimate thinking buying anyone know works windows xp media center pc vista ultimate	I have it working with my XP Media Center.
plug battery apc 'replace battery' light still red need reboot apc supposed hotswappable	Yes. I replaced the battery and let the battery charge overnight, but the next day, the light was still red. I had to wait until a convenient time, then I turned the UPS off and on, and the red light stayed off.
volts amphours	1500VA | Battery Volt-Amp-Hour Capacity: 372 Battery Life 26297.44 Hour to 43829.06 Hour Output Voltage 24 V DC
get 2 ring binder 57 photo pages	The Ultra Pro 2-pocket pages fit any 3-ring binder, whether the rings are round or "D" shaped. Binders also come in different thickness, from 1" thick on up to 5" thick. Amazon, ebay, overstock, office supply stores (staples, office depot) carry a variety of sizes in stock. Google "3 ring binder" and all kinds of different places will pop up, including hobby sites. Hope this helps.
page hold two four 5 x 7 pictures ones use pockets two pictures side page	The 2 pocket pages will hold 2 photos, especially if you like to date or make other notes on the back of photos, etc, without taking each item out every time you want to check the backs.
beijing much charge needed ship beijing china	This item can not be shipped to Beijing. It would be much cheaper and faster to find it locally.
aret pages 8 12 x 11 albums hologram series	Yes they are for 8 1/2 x 11". I don't know about the hologram series. They were for a gift and I don't have access to them.
pages top load side load	TOP!
2 pocket 5x7 pages 8x10	2 pocket pages are 5x7 and we sell these with ASIN: B00095M5EA and 1 pocket pages are 8x10 and we sell these with ASIN: B000ETN37E.
work apc xs 1200 model	You will have to look on the Amazon site to see if it is in the list. You may even be able to see if it fits using the APC site. I know it works with RS 1500 as that is the model I have.
apc rbc33 replacement battery cartridge 33 fits backups rs 1200 apc	Please provide serial number..
turn alarm power goes	Evidently the CP free software "Power Panel Personal Edition" enables the shutting off of the alarm. I say "evidently" because I'm running this UPS as backup for my NAS (a Synology DS-213) and router, not a computer....and I couldn't do it anyhow, because all our computers are Macs, with which this software isn't compatible.
know replace battery	Simplest answer: Replace it in 5 years if the system is working well, or less time if you are really dependent on it. Technical answer: Cyberpower claims an 8 Amp-hour capacity for that battery.
cable input output work fios wall modemrouter pass frequencies needed fios wlan moca	Don't know. We have no need for this on ours.
anyone use speakers sonos connect amp	Works fine.
use one sonos amp speakers	yes it will convert the aw650 into your sonos system
planning send philippines 220 volts would speakers work	YES they are 8 ohm...
100 sleeves per 2017	According to the product description I am seeing and reading, 100 pages of the Ultra Pro 2-pocket for $19.86, which should come in the paper box you also see in this listing. Hope this helps.
could use power cpap long	After reading the article in the link, I would say no to your question. http://www.healthyresources.com/sleep/magazines/psnews/power03.html
reason use indoor satellite speakers	Yes
could please tell exact dimension pages	The overall size of the complete page is 7 7/8' wide X 11 1/2" high. A narrower page than the other sizes available in the Ultra Pro Platinum series. Each of the 2 pockets measure 7" wide x 5 5/8" high, with a 7" wide opening. 
best receiveramp connect pair klipsh aw 650 like one optical connection apple tv thanks	What is your use? Is it for a large outdoor installation? How far away are the speakers from the audience/listeners? The Klipsch AW-650 are pretty efficient, but I can tell you more with better specifics. Thanks,
hello many time receive speakers france	Thanks for your question. We currently do not ship internationally. We offer free standard shipping to the contiguous 48 states and have shipping options available for Alaska and Hawaii, but we do not offer international shipping at this time. I'm very sorry.
get grill paint tried pulling seems like glued	I do not think the grill comes off. Just paint the grill very carefully on the front face if needed. You might contact klipsch customer service dept. for that answer, they should know. You know almost ALL of the Klipsch speakers are made in CHINA except for the HIGH END speakers, those are made here in the U.S A.
move speakers side side bracket shown looks though speaker suspended within bracket frame	I mounted mine vertically so I could angle them the way I need in my backyard. If mounted horizontally there is no Sid to aside movement .
many usb ports thanks	Two USB ports, both on the left-hand side.
using fiio x5 player cafe beach else need buy besides speakers need banana plug receiver etc	Dear Omer, You need a stereo receiver or amplifier to power the speakers, a connection cable from the X5 to the receiver, and speakerwire to go from the receiver to the speakers. Eric C
ibm thinkpad t43 office preinstalled	No it doesnt you hace to buy the disc Or the key XD
dvd cd recordplay	Yes, it does....the thinkpad rocks!
come windows xp already installed	Yes the one I got did
use wifi connect internet modem	yes, you can use modem too. Thanks
need replace binding posts set rusted weather ideas get replacements	Thanks for your question. I would contact Klipsch parts department for this. World Wide Stereo is 36 years old and a very proud Klipsch dealer.
included	The only thing I can do with it is games. Not much good for anything else, I'm sorry to say. Even the cooling fan is defective. Making a noise. Should have sent it back.
sd card reader	No
laptop include word powerpoint excel	the one I purchased and returned didn't even have the correct BIOS -totally dysfunctional.
hi laptop come charger input 100240v would take laptop abroad thanks	My AC adapter show "INPUT 100-240V~ 50/60Hz 1.5A-0.9A OUTPUT 16VDC 4.5A. You will need and adapter for connecting to the European plug
upgrade ram	You can do anything you want i.e change or upgrade hardware, software or the operating system. I recently changed my operating system because I was encountering issue with Window's XP. However, I paid a great price for this product and if I need one with more power I'll just buy another rather than looking to spend on parts.
add yamaha nsiw360c yamaha nssp1800bl system make 71 also also require speaker wire want add yamaha rxv673 receiver would work thanks	I installed these speakers in cabinets for a 5.1 surround sound system, so they should work with a 7.1 system and yes they require speaker wire.
amplifiers folks using would lepai lp2020a enough	Yes, the Lepai LP-2020A will work with these.
need additional support brackets install 2x2 drop ceiling big andor heavy drop ceiling	My husband says he wouldn't install in that type of ceiling.
speakers available enclosure box protect back speaker project music impulses toward living area	No. The installation instructions call for insulation to be placed over the back of the speaker.
speakers work well amplifier output impedance 8 ohms	Hi, you should have no issues at 8 ohms. Used a dozen of these for an install last year and they sound great, and the moveable tweeter makes a difference
buy two yamaha nsiw360c 2way inceiling speaker system theywork together one	Yes
size hole ceiling drywall	A cardboard template comes with the speakers, you place it on the ceiling to mark where to cut, the opening is 8 inches.
hello seeking inceiling speakers attic blown insulation speakers come sheild keep insulation material th	The instructions say you should move the blown in insulation and lay a piece of rolled insulation over the back of the speaker
include 2 speakers one	It has 2
searched outdoor ceiling speakers came description say suitable outdoor use want install porch	They have some that resemble stones. Also, you can get other actual outdoor speakers. Most are set in a box. When in doubt, don't purchase.
nikkor tokina wide angle	I have a Nikon 12-200 with the D200 camera. Do you think it is worth getting the Tokina 12-24 for the extra wide angle that it offers?
want use lens interior real estate photos would show bed doorway small room	Yes
tokina ok d40 d70 go tokina 1224	No, there is no built in motor for this one. Compatible lens is the Tokina Pro 11.
auto focus nikon 3200	Short answer, no it will not, because the 3200 does not have a built in focus motor and the Tokina does not have its own focus motor. So while both camera and lens are great products, neither one will provide a focus motor and you would have to manually focus each shot. I use this lens on both my Nikon D90 and D50 and works wonderfully, but those bodies have internal focus systems. Nikon's new entry level camera bodies do not, even though they are great cameras with the right lenses.
lens work nikon d5200	It should work just fine. I have used it on a Nikon d40 & d60 with great success. It will be manual focus on the 5200 as the camera body does not have a drive screw to focus the lens. There is a newer version of this lens that has an internal hsm unit to allow auto focus on cameras that don't have a focus screw. I have also used it on a d200, d90 and d7000
compatible nikon d3000 tokina 1224 autofocus nikon d3000 mount	i'm trying to figure out the same thing.
lens work nikon d3100 autofocus nikon d3100	No, it will not autofocus with a D3100 or D5100.
lens compatible nikon d50 novice looking wide angle lens current lens marked af nikkor 1855mm 13556g	I have a Nikon D50 and purchased this lens for wide angle shots. The Tokina 12 - 24 works flawlessly with the D50. I highly recommend the value and quality of the Tokina. I have owned for several years and have never been disappointed with the results.
lens compatible eos rebel t3i	yes it is.
lens work canon eos rebel t2i	Yes it will.
compatible canon t2i	Absolutely!! I also own a t2i and use it on many shoots.
lens compatible eos 30d	yes it is
lens autofocus d7000	yes it does
work canon t5i	This lens is designed for Canon EF-S mount APS-C size sensor camera and Rebel T5i is also same spec. So it should fit and work perfectly. Thank you
work cannon rebel xs	Yes, it can be used. This lens is for APS-C canon EF mount camera and Rebel is exactly these spec. It can be worked perfectly!
lens compatible canon rebel xsi	Yes , this is designed for APA-C sensor Canon SLR digital. Rebel XSi is also APS-C sensor and absolutely can be used and should work perfectly.
work canon t5	Yes. 12 mm will be about 19th with crop
anybody tried astrophotographystair trails curious works theres much coma etc	I've tinkered with star trails using this lens and I did notice some coma (although it seemed better than my 11-16). That said, with ultrawide lens' general propensity for aberrations, I would expect it to be an issue with any of the lower cost options.
antenna turn 90 degrees mount wall turn sticking vertical	I did not fix that antenna.
cannot figure mount antenna come instructions	That's hard to answer, not knowing what you're putting it on. I put my antenna on my golf cart. Was nothing to it. I drilled a hole poked the antenna in the hole attached the cord to the bottom, used nylon straps to secure the cable and plugged it into the radio. The antenna is self grounded so there is no need to metal, you can put it anywhere. That's great for a golf cart or a boat
mount roof motorhome thanks frank	Bulk head fitting. You drill a hole or use ans existing. Take the nut off of the stud. Feed the wire through the hole and push the stud in the hole. From the inside you feed the wire through the nut and screw it on the stud. Done.
turn 90degree mount	what do you mean? I used it on my motorcycle on an L bracket, I cant remember if the mast pivots. Very happy
size hole required mount antenna	i had existing 3/4 in. but 1/2 would work. u can put larger washer on inside or outside if hole is bigger.
charger prongs charging standard 110 home outlet	Yes it does.
need battery canon eos rebel camera	This is the charger for the battery BP-511A for the Digital Rebel. I bought it for the exact same camera.
cannon camera power shot aa95 a495 wonder kind charger camera dont know kind use thank	?? Mary - The A495 uses AA batteries. This charger would not be of help for that camera. I purchased the charger for use with BP 511 batteries, which I had for a Canon Vixia video camera and a 60D digital camera (one of Canon's first digital SLR cameras).
disk install driver wacom website driver download graphire 4 suggestions	The most recent driver for the Bamboo line (also in their website) will work instead!
ok canon 60d	no
battery replacement called tech said needed new battery happen anyone	yep...it apparently doesn't cycle the battery so you have to keep unplugging it when it is full...if you disconnect the battery, you can still use it with the power cord plugged in. i haven't had any luck locating a battery for it, yet. (i can't find anything about it on wacom's website or any replacements at the "we carry every battery known to man" stores...apparently they're all liars.)
find charger canon 40d eos	Never heard of a "not EOS" 40D.
graphire vs intuos3 intuos3 definitely better two something amateur requires	Unless your drawing very detailed website images I'd think you'd be okay with either. You may lose a bit of accuracy, a few shortcut buttons and some sensitivity when you push down but it doesn't really seem like you'd use the features anyway.
use nikon d3200 I looking good lenses large group portraits indoors perhaps outdoors	If the d3200 has a drive screw. the Sigma 24-70 is a great lens, but has no own motor drive. Check your camera manual or a camera review if the 3200 does....
scrolling mouse mapping good way scroll without using keyboard trying hit scroll bar pen	with the macbook pro, i would just use the trackpad to scroll (two fingers on the pad scrolls any direction). you should be able to assign buttons in the preferences, but ever since my imac went on the fritz, i haven't been able to get my macbook and tablet to pair up.
would lens work nikon d90	I meant yes it will work.
compatible canon 6d	No
lens support full frame camera nikon d750	Yes, it supports full frame, but I have not tried it with the D750.
work nikon d60	I have the Canon 7d and it works find with it. I don't know about the Nikon.
work d5000 would cons better choice nikon 24 70mm 5000 full frame	The sigma 24-70 is also for full frame (DG), but yes, it'll work with the d5000 and it's cheaper than the nikon.
lens expensive compare another stores difference 300 usd	no HSM (hyper sonic motor) so it wont work with the d3000 series and d5000 series. if yours has a built in focus motor, then your good
work canon 5d different	It works with the 5D. It has to do with the fluoride treatment on the lens.
canon t2i	Yes it will work
use nikon d3200 I looking good lenses large group portraits indoors perhaps outdoors	If the d3200 has a drive screw. the Sigma 24-70 is a great lens, but has no own motor drive. Check your camera manual or a camera review if the 3200 does....
lens good nikon d750 good full frame	Yes
would lens work nikon d90	I meant yes it will work.
lens support full frame camera nikon d750	Yes, it supports full frame, but I have not tried it with the D750.
lens work canon rebel t3i	No it's for Nikon. There's other sigma 24-70's that will work, but you'll have to check the specs and make sure it's for Canon mount
work nikon d60	I have the Canon 7d and it works find with it. I don't know about the Nikon.
work d5000 would cons better choice nikon 24 70mm 5000 full frame	The sigma 24-70 is also for full frame (DG), but yes, it'll work with the d5000 and it's cheaper than the nikon.
lens expensive compare another stores difference 300 usd	no HSM (hyper sonic motor) so it wont work with the d3000 series and d5000 series. if yours has a built in focus motor, then your good
canon t2i	Yes it will work
work canon 5d different	It works with the 5D. It has to do with the fluoride treatment on the lens.
mac compatible	I found a review of this camera on Associated Media that mentions it is NOT Mac compatible.
need recharger aiptek dv lithium ion battery success cannot find find outlet battery recharger lithium ion battery cam u help	www.aiptek.com
aiptek dv5900 5mp pocket digital camcorder forum buy battery kind	You will need some regular AA batteries. It takes two. I really suggest you get four and make them rechargable because this camera will suck the charge out of them very fast. Get a 1 gig the cheaper the better.
lens good nikon d750 good full frame	Yes
lens work canon rebel t3i	No it's for Nikon. There's other sigma 24-70's that will work, but you'll have to check the specs and make sure it's for Canon mount
disable recordingplayback display possible get rid	Check the owners manual. On some models you hold down the display button and stop button to clear the screen.
work costa rica	Yes. Costa Rica uses the same plug as the US. Of course, if you're traveling there from the US, you won't need an adaptor.
hello work thailand vietnam thanks	Yes I got it for thai land. But no plugs at the airport. I used it at the hotel
safely use sima adapter samsung note3 ac adapter	You should have no issues, but if you're uncertain, you can consider what I did -- which is to use a Monster On-The-Go Power Strip -- http://www.amazon.com/Monster-MP-OTG400-BK-Outlets/dp/B000F9YN2M/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1400744672&sr=8-2&keywords=monster+power+strip to connect to the outlet, then plug your Note 3 into the Monster Power Strip. This way you have the power strip to buffer against any surges.
plug us grounded 3 prong plug	I just looked at mine and all the plugs have a hole for that third prong, but the third prong doesn't engage into anything. Plus it appears that the plugs all allow for the third prong to not stick out too far as to make the plugs unusable. I never used one, but it appears that you can. Hope this helps! Buon viaggio!
africa	This does work in Africa. I have used it in Cameroon and Kenya multiple times with no problems. Just be sure whatever you plug into it can also work on the voltage and frequency for whatever country you go to!
one work israel	Yes, I have used this product in Israel and it worked great. I have two of them and take them everywhere I go.
usa going japan china work power needs japan china	For Japan, my understanding is that you may not need an adapter. See http://www.japan-guide.com/e/e2225.html For China, my understanding is that they use 3 different outlets. See http://traveltips.usatoday.com/electric-adapter-tips-advice-travel-china-24527.html
maybe dum auto forcus	Yes
work canon t3i	If it is a canon mount then yes.
lens autofocus dx nikon dslrs require manual focus	I use this lens with a Sony Alpha A77 camera, but I have a good friend that uses this lens with a Nikon DX and the autofocus works fine.
nikon 3200 5100 camers said lens fitted staying delhi india buy	This lens is for a canon mount. you need to get a Nikon mount.
lens optic stablizartion feature	No. Sigma designates image stabilization with an 'OS' in the model name. The newer version of this lens does have it: http://www.amazon.com/Sigma-50-500mm-4-5-6-3-Telephoto-Canon/dp/B003980YK6/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1363364953&sr=8-1&keywords=Sigma+50-500mm
sigma 50500 bag anyone recommendations backpack contain sigma avg dslr couple lens flash	I recently bought an Amazon Basics camera backpack and I carry my Sony Alpha A77V, the Sigma 50-500 mm a HVL-F42 flash unit and a Sony 18-200 lens and cables and my Pentax 8x43 birding binoculars. I thoroughly recommend it.
lens work nikon d5200	Charles, I cannot speak to the ability for this lens to work with your Nikon as I am shoot with a Canon camera. It performed very well for me when I used it. I would still be shooting with it if the rear lens screws didn't come loose. Still trying to locate someone to repair the lens.
difference old sigma 50150 mm lens newer model	No idea. I love this lens but u have to have decent light.
work canon 60d	It should. But, the Amazon website will explain what Canon Cameras to which it will fit.
work nikon d80 work well outside sporting events	Yes, the lens will work with the D80. It is not a particularly fast lens, so you would need lots of light for sporting shots. Daytime it would probably be fine, but even under stadium lights at night, you are likely to get some soft shots.
maybe dum auto forcus	Yes
work nikon d80 work well outside sporting events	Yes, the lens will work with the D80. It is not a particularly fast lens, so you would need lots of light for sporting shots. Daytime it would probably be fine, but even under stadium lights at night, you are likely to get some soft shots.
get price	I just got this camera, and I'm surprised by how good it is for the price (I paid $69.99 on sale). The better memory cards will let you use this for about a couple of hours of video I think. It's really easy to use too, and as other people have pointed out - a great starter camera.
work canon t3i	If it is a canon mount then yes.
lens autofocus dx nikon dslrs require manual focus	I use this lens with a Sony Alpha A77 camera, but I have a good friend that uses this lens with a Nikon DX and the autofocus works fine.
lens optic stablizartion feature	No. Sigma designates image stabilization with an 'OS' in the model name. The newer version of this lens does have it: http://www.amazon.com/Sigma-50-500mm-4-5-6-3-Telephoto-Canon/dp/B003980YK6/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1363364953&sr=8-1&keywords=Sigma+50-500mm
nikon 3200 5100 camers said lens fitted staying delhi india buy	This lens is for a canon mount. you need to get a Nikon mount.
sigma 50500 bag anyone recommendations backpack contain sigma avg dslr couple lens flash	I recently bought an Amazon Basics camera backpack and I carry my Sony Alpha A77V, the Sigma 50-500 mm a HVL-F42 flash unit and a Sony 18-200 lens and cables and my Pentax 8x43 birding binoculars. I thoroughly recommend it.
lens work nikon d5200	Charles, I cannot speak to the ability for this lens to work with your Nikon as I am shoot with a Canon camera. It performed very well for me when I used it. I would still be shooting with it if the rear lens screws didn't come loose. Still trying to locate someone to repair the lens.
difference old sigma 50150 mm lens newer model	No idea. I love this lens but u have to have decent light.
work canon 60d	It should. But, the Amazon website will explain what Canon Cameras to which it will fit.
work nikon d80 work well outside sporting events	Yes, the lens will work with the D80. It is not a particularly fast lens, so you would need lots of light for sporting shots. Daytime it would probably be fine, but even under stadium lights at night, you are likely to get some soft shots.
maybe dum auto forcus	Yes
work canon t3i	If it is a canon mount then yes.
lens autofocus dx nikon dslrs require manual focus	I use this lens with a Sony Alpha A77 camera, but I have a good friend that uses this lens with a Nikon DX and the autofocus works fine.
nikon 3200 5100 camers said lens fitted staying delhi india buy	This lens is for a canon mount. you need to get a Nikon mount.
lens optic stablizartion feature	No. Sigma designates image stabilization with an 'OS' in the model name. The newer version of this lens does have it: http://www.amazon.com/Sigma-50-500mm-4-5-6-3-Telephoto-Canon/dp/B003980YK6/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1363364953&sr=8-1&keywords=Sigma+50-500mm
sigma 50500 bag anyone recommendations backpack contain sigma avg dslr couple lens flash	I recently bought an Amazon Basics camera backpack and I carry my Sony Alpha A77V, the Sigma 50-500 mm a HVL-F42 flash unit and a Sony 18-200 lens and cables and my Pentax 8x43 birding binoculars. I thoroughly recommend it.
difference old sigma 50150 mm lens newer model	No idea. I love this lens but u have to have decent light.
lens work nikon d5200	Charles, I cannot speak to the ability for this lens to work with your Nikon as I am shoot with a Canon camera. It performed very well for me when I used it. I would still be shooting with it if the rear lens screws didn't come loose. Still trying to locate someone to repair the lens.
work canon 60d	It should. But, the Amazon website will explain what Canon Cameras to which it will fit.
lens autofocus dx nikon dslrs require manual focus	I use this lens with a Sony Alpha A77 camera, but I have a good friend that uses this lens with a Nikon DX and the autofocus works fine.
lens optic stablizartion feature	No. Sigma designates image stabilization with an 'OS' in the model name. The newer version of this lens does have it: http://www.amazon.com/Sigma-50-500mm-4-5-6-3-Telephoto-Canon/dp/B003980YK6/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1363364953&sr=8-1&keywords=Sigma+50-500mm
maybe dum auto forcus	Yes
nikon 3200 5100 camers said lens fitted staying delhi india buy	This lens is for a canon mount. you need to get a Nikon mount.
lens work nikon d5200	Charles, I cannot speak to the ability for this lens to work with your Nikon as I am shoot with a Canon camera. It performed very well for me when I used it. I would still be shooting with it if the rear lens screws didn't come loose. Still trying to locate someone to repair the lens.
sigma 50500 bag anyone recommendations backpack contain sigma avg dslr couple lens flash	I recently bought an Amazon Basics camera backpack and I carry my Sony Alpha A77V, the Sigma 50-500 mm a HVL-F42 flash unit and a Sony 18-200 lens and cables and my Pentax 8x43 birding binoculars. I thoroughly recommend it.
difference old sigma 50150 mm lens newer model	No idea. I love this lens but u have to have decent light.
work nikon d80 work well outside sporting events	Yes, the lens will work with the D80. It is not a particularly fast lens, so you would need lots of light for sporting shots. Daytime it would probably be fine, but even under stadium lights at night, you are likely to get some soft shots.
maybe dum auto forcus	Yes
work nikon d80 work well outside sporting events	Yes, the lens will work with the D80. It is not a particularly fast lens, so you would need lots of light for sporting shots. Daytime it would probably be fine, but even under stadium lights at night, you are likely to get some soft shots.
lens autofocus dx nikon dslrs require manual focus	I use this lens with a Sony Alpha A77 camera, but I have a good friend that uses this lens with a Nikon DX and the autofocus works fine.
work canon t3i	If it is a canon mount then yes.
lens optic stablizartion feature	No. Sigma designates image stabilization with an 'OS' in the model name. The newer version of this lens does have it: http://www.amazon.com/Sigma-50-500mm-4-5-6-3-Telephoto-Canon/dp/B003980YK6/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1363364953&sr=8-1&keywords=Sigma+50-500mm
nikon 3200 5100 camers said lens fitted staying delhi india buy	This lens is for a canon mount. you need to get a Nikon mount.
sigma 50500 bag anyone recommendations backpack contain sigma avg dslr couple lens flash	I recently bought an Amazon Basics camera backpack and I carry my Sony Alpha A77V, the Sigma 50-500 mm a HVL-F42 flash unit and a Sony 18-200 lens and cables and my Pentax 8x43 birding binoculars. I thoroughly recommend it.
work canon t3i	If it is a canon mount then yes.
work canon 60d	It should. But, the Amazon website will explain what Canon Cameras to which it will fit.
shuffle repeat mode play one song kick shuffle remaining songs folder played	I think that in shuffle a song comes up more than once before all other tracks have played, but it is not all that often and not not seem to be patterned or all that prevalent.
work canon 60d	It should. But, the Amazon website will explain what Canon Cameras to which it will fit.
better way finding song hate go like 100 songs find one I looking foris faster way skipping songs	Two approaches will help significantly: 1) Organize your songs in folders. How your choose to format the folders is up to you. They could be based on artists names, decade that the songs came from, or alphabetical groups (example, the first folder could be named "A - F" and you put all songs in it that begin with the letters A - F.
creative's zen 1 gig versus equivalent ipod thoughts	I just bought the Nano and it's way smaller than the Shuffle is. I used my nephew's IPOD and that's what made me want one, but i LOVE the Nano because of the size. Some of it wasn't intuitive for me, but my husband picked it up and had no problems with it. Once I saw how to do a couple basic things on it, I was set to go and didn't need any help at all. He thought that it would be good to have the screen and at first I didn't care, but now that I've used it, I can see why you want it. After using both, I'd have to go Creative Labs all the way.
price change zen nano plus stores reimburse price changed within certain period time anything like	You are correct. I just bought it at Circuit City tonight for $69.99 plus tax. Actually I bought it online and picked it up at my nearest store. Online gave me an extra $10 off so it actually sells for $79.99 in the store. So they have knocked the price down considerably since it first came out.
turn	If I remember correctly, you hold down the "play/pause" button.
plus come armband plus come armband	Yes, it does come with an arm band from what I understand. I purchased one tonight and it says on the box that it has a sports arm band and case.
arm band someone please tell armband case included player	Mine came with both. I bought it at Wal-Mart.
earphone jack standard one really need know earphone jack standard one	Yes, it accepts standard headphones.
support browsing genrearitstsong wonderingthe 1gb model store around 500 songswhat looking particualr songwill browse songs 1 1 find	Although I do not believe this player has browsing via Genre/Artist/Playlist/Year/Album, I do believe you can locate a particular song through the included folder heirarchy pretty easily.
I confused zen nano listed $11498 zen nano plus $6599	The difference between the two is the Zen Nano Plus has direct cd recording. I don't know for sure why there is such a big price difference but my guess would be that the Zen Nano isn't produced anymore (the Zen Nano Plus is an upgrade) and so there's a limited quantity.
playing car stereo way play music nano plus car	Yes. You will need an FM transmitter which will be connected to the Nano Plus instead of the headphones. There are many FM transmitters, but they work pretty much the same way. Amazon sells "Belkin Portable Music TuneCast II FM Transmitter", but some searching should give you numerous options. If your car has a cassette player, you can get an adapter for this also. If not, the FM transmitter would be the choice.
dose monitor work security camers	Well moniter will work with a security system,if the system you have has hook up for computer monitor
use monitor laptop want increase screen size 15	Yes indeed! I use this with a 10" netbook when I need to see more detail. Just make sure you go into your DISPLAY in the control panel of your OS or you might have a toggle on your keyboard if you don't want both screens on at the same time. This is an excellent size screen that doesn't take up much room.
monitor usb port use flash drive would like see pictures	There is a USB port labeled service terminal. But I don't know its function. I just use the usual red/white/yellow cord inputs.
built speakers	no
difference old sigma 50150 mm lens newer model	No idea. I love this lens but u have to have decent light.
anyone ever used raspberry pi	No, but I see No reason why it wouldn't.
monitor tilt screen anti glare	The monitor is very basic. The screen was easily visible but, would likely have issues in a bright room. This monitor was made before some of the newer, fancier capabilities came out.
dell153fp monitor compatible windows 7 pro	No
work 240 v well	No
lens work nikon d5200	Charles, I cannot speak to the ability for this lens to work with your Nikon as I am shoot with a Canon camera. It performed very well for me when I used it. I would still be shooting with it if the rear lens screws didn't come loose. Still trying to locate someone to repair the lens.
come pair	Yes you receive a pair of tweeters, two tweeters in total.
cannot believe best seller cheap little things seriously good	Yes
simply run 2 wires midrange tweeters parallel since already built xovers	yes, if you get a pair that actually works thats all you need to do
tweeters require crossover know tweeters built high pass filters find information	No these do not require a crossover, I believe they have one built in or a HPF built in. I have mine wired to the front door speakers and they sound fantastic. No amps or crossovers needed.
speakers size dia tweeters inches sold single pair	I just received my shipment today, when I bought them I thought it said a piece. They are pairs. I ordered 4 thinking I was getting 2 sets, but I got 4.They are abouyt 1 1/4 " without holders, about 1 7/8" with the holders. They sound great.
fit 95 bmw 325i sedan	Sure. But why would you want to put such crappy things in your car?
6 x 9 4 x 6	No, they are tweeters that you can hook up to your sound system. And they damn good
stock tweeters louder richer sound connect wires	They're okay, give them enough juice and they give you enough loud. I get some distortion at the louder levels which is why I put them as okay. If you connect enough juice wrongly something fries.
monitor dvi input vga	VGA only. Nice little monitor for a small space. I use it with a netbook. Sorry, but it only has one source VGA input.
nikon 50 digital slr camera amazon grey market itemwhat warrenty	amazon does not sell grey market cameras.. Their partners[ Adaroma, J and R may but not if you buy from amazon
fit 2005 honda accord	They will fit anywhere, they are very small. But really, the sound quality is abysmal.
looking get dslr would still adequate starter camera bulk ok 6mp outdated problem	The D50 was a wonderful camera in its day, and will still give beautiful photos. I still own mine as a backup camera. However, I would consider something with 12MP. The main problem I have with 6.1MP is cropping... the detail isn't there on a small-window crop.
shutter problems defect d50 lemon	Went on a trip with my new D50 and it stopped working after 5-6 pictures. Showed an error message. When I got back home I decided to read the book. Seems the lens slipped out of F22 to F16. Rotating the F-ring back to F22 fixed the problem. Ignorant me. Since then I try to only purchase lenses with a little snaplock on the f-ring. Problem solved.
want good used nikon dslr $400 less range anyone tell difference 4050 60 &amp 70 series please	I prefer the D50 which uses countless AF lenses. The D40-60 must have a motorized lens to AF. I got two D50s and a D60 for under $250 used, body only. Two were refurbished the other one was pristine. Many AF lenses work on the D50 and can be had for $50 or so.
would anyone able point direction good sd card model currently transcend 32 gb wishlist later	I use SanDisk Extreme III for all my cameras (including the D50 when I had it. Was an excellent camera)
delayed shipment amazon updated	I totally agree with you!! Amazon should update the shipment date online. I personally feel that it is very deceiving to customers. I ordered the Nikon D50 on June 22. Amazon kept pushing the delievery date for 3 to 4 times. I just cancelled my order of Nikon d50 from Amazon and order it elsewhere.
best lens anyone recommend good sharp lens much	Well, considering your ranges, I think for you it would be nice to have some more options in the wide angle range.
someone tell ports vga power etc	VGA and Power Cord only. This is a nice little monitor but it's only the size of most laptops. I use it with a Netbook and it's wonderful. Otherwise, depending on where and how you want to use it... might want to consider a small LCD monitor that can also double as a TV etc.. good luck.
come prise high old camera like nikon d50	I do not think for the price is high, thank you
actually 3 way tweeter&gt tweeter 2 mini tweeters mounted	No
quantaray qtb7500a flash work camera	Most likely it will work if it says it can work with any Nikon camera.
camera accept telephoto lens nikon af nikkor 70300mm 1456 lens	It will, and it will go into DX mode automatically, which is nice. But you won't be getting the full benefit of the camera with DX lenses. Over time you should plan on migrating at least some of your lenses to FX. Expensive, but worth it.
s2 s3 camera canon powershot s2 still good camera tho came powershot s3	According to latest Consumer Report the S2 offers better print quality over the S3. No real difference between the two other than price.
memoery card 2 gb sd compatible anyone using 2gb	I bought a 2GB SD Sandisk a week ago, and no problem,
filter size size filter compatible camera	both, which one you need actually depends on which converter you have.. the canon one is 58 mm. there is also a converter from lensemate, which comes in 52 mm, or 58 mm. so if you already have 58 mm filters and stuff, stick with the 58 mm converter. 
macro modes reports s2 macro super macro modes	You need to check out this website: http://www.dcresource.com/reviews/canon/powershot_s2-review/ this guy is incredible in his reviews. I personally have used the S1IS and the S2IS (my dad and brother bought the upgrade) and you can truly put it at 0cm and take an in focus picture. Hope this helps!
zoom 12x optical image stabilized zoom good	Yes, it's excellent. As an example, I took some photos today while bouncing around on a wagon being pulled by a tractor off road. I was zoomed in on my subject and the shots were crystal clear. This is a truly awesome camera!! The photos are stunning and the image stabilizer is great.
trouble new memory cards using s21s model error reading keeps coming could causing problem	If you are trying to use any thing more than a 2gig card ,they won't work . sometimes you can load the chdk (cannon hacker development kit) you can reprogram the software to recognize a la rger card. With a 2gig card you can take about 10,000 pics or 35 minutes to about 2 hours of video.
action shots fast enough without action setting	The S2 has a shutter speed priority mode where you manually set the shutter, and it selects the best aperture. Shutter speeds go up to 1/3200, so it's plenty fast enough.
nikon 50 digital slr camera amazon grey market itemwhat warrenty	amazon does not sell grey market cameras.. Their partners[ Adaroma, J and R may but not if you buy from amazon
looking get dslr would still adequate starter camera bulk ok 6mp outdated problem	The D50 was a wonderful camera in its day, and will still give beautiful photos. I still own mine as a backup camera. However, I would consider something with 12MP. The main problem I have with 6.1MP is cropping... the detail isn't there on a small-window crop. 
battery life anyone trouble s2 saying change batteries even though batteries still 75% power	I have the Canon S1 and have been using rechargeable NiMH cells in it without problems. However, I have to point out that not all NiMH cells are suitable for digital cameras. I have some several-year-old NiMH cells that have relatively high internal resistance. 
would anyone able point direction good sd card model currently transcend 32 gb wishlist later	I use SanDisk Extreme III for all my cameras (including the D50 when I had it. Was an excellent camera)
shutter problems defect d50 lemon	Went on a trip with my new D50 and it stopped working after 5-6 pictures. Showed an error message. When I got back home I decided to read the book. Seems the lens slipped out of F22 to F16. Rotating the F-ring back to F22 fixed the problem. Ignorant me. Since then I try to only purchase lenses with a little snaplock on the f-ring. Problem solved.
best digital camera $200 someone please offer ideas	Look at Amazon reviews and stevesdigicams.com. Steve's for tech info and pro review, Amazon for real life experiences. Look for consistent complaints, like the canon black screen of death. I would stay away from any camera with less than 30 or so reviews, you need to get a good cross section of opinion.
want good used nikon dslr $400 less range anyone tell difference 4050 60 &amp 70 series please	I prefer the D50 which uses countless AF lenses. The D40-60 must have a motorized lens to AF. I got two D50s and a D60 for under $250 used, body only. Two were refurbished the other one was pristine. Many AF lenses work on the D50 and can be had for $50 or so.
delayed shipment amazon updated	I totally agree with you!! Amazon should update the shipment date online. I personally feel that it is very deceiving to customers. I ordered the Nikon D50 on June 22. Amazon kept pushing the delievery date for 3 to 4 times. I just cancelled my order of Nikon d50 from Amazon and order it elsewhere.
best lens anyone recommend good sharp lens much	Well, considering your ranges, I think for you it would be nice to have some more options in the wide angle range. For you I recommend the Sigma 10-20mm DSH. This one actually comes at about $470, which is more than half for the comparable Nikon 12-24mm and it is wider by 2mm; which is a lot at this range. Sigma is of course, a third party lens manufacturer.
taking sports photo realize camera sports mode mode anyone reccomend use I taking action shots	Use the Tv (shutter priority) mode and select the appropriate speed. The camera will pick the right apperature setting for correct exposure. If necessary (insuffcient light), increase the ISO.
quantaray qtb7500a flash work camera	Most likely it will work if it says it can work with any Nikon camera.
fit 2002 honda odyssey	No
would fit 1990 honda accord ex remodeling car would helpful someone could help	It should. It comes with a list of all the different vehicles and how to set up the install kit for each in particular. I believe that year was on there but it has been a while. Good luck
willt fit 1997 acura integra ls	Not sure it worked on a 2001 honda accord so sorry if I'm not helpful
work 1995 honda civic	it should but it is a pain trying to install this as you have to break parts of the plastic off to fit your car hurt myself a few times doing it for a 2004 cr-v
fit 1997 acura integra ls	i'm not sure. it fit the 96 we have.hope this will help.I don't have the paper work that came with it
use boss stereo product	Yes u can use this kit
camera accept telephoto lens nikon af nikkor 70300mm 1456 lens	It will, and it will go into DX mode automatically, which is nice. But you won't be getting the full benefit of the camera with DX lenses. Over time you should plan on migrating at least some of your lenses to FX. Expensive, but worth it.
fit 2000 honda civic lx	I believe so it fit my 2000 ex and should fit all models.
fit 2000 honda crv	It should fit you might have to snip a bolt tab off or two but it is very basic and fit fine in my 2005 had to just snip one tab off
fit 1999 honda civic gx	yes it does
recorder takes dvm tapes tapes work recorder	Yes
cassette made japan	Yes. They are made in Japan .
tape record erase record againmaybe three time	You can record and re-record MiniDV tapes, but each time you record, the quality decreases. Professionals (and semi-professionals) never re-record because of this, but it is certainly possible.
please let know whether cassettes compatible dcr trv 480 handycam sony	Vini, I really wish I could help you out here, but I don't know ? Your owners manual should tell you
come prise high old camera like nikon d50	I do not think for the price is high, thank you
wondering tape cases held together screws glued together need screws take apart repairs	They are glued together - not screwed.
fit 1998 crv	yes, that is the same year crv we installed it
card read olympus c2100 smart media card	Yes it should.
reader work windows 81	Yes it does
work old olympus smart media card 3v 8mb	There should be no compatibility issues reading or writing to your card. I've bought two of these units over the years and they are life savers for those of us using older equipment.
reader come installation cd computer w 81 read card installed reader without drivers	The driver is internal so you don't have to do anything but plug it in.
fact work smart media 33v cards	Yes
dvm60 mini dv transfer dvd ideas	All I have found so far is to take them to Walmart. They ship them out, so I'm guessing there must be places on line as well. I just started looking myself. Best of luck.
anyone know work mac os x 1058	I do not know if it will run on mac. Mine runs fine on windows 7
write files computer smart media card using windows 7	Of course. The smart media card is just another storage device (like a hard or floppy disk, a flash drive or a CD.) It is read-write capable.
work windows 7 write files computer card	Hi Clarke, Yes I had success using this device on my Windows 7 computer. I am sure it will work well. I like the product. Good luck. Ron
get rid old radio kit install install original radio	You install it under the old radio. You need to remove the factory installed storage bin below the radio and replace the bin with the Install Kit.
get clock set install clock lit flashing let set time	Hold the clock button down and use the preset buttons to set the time. Turn the key and make sure the radio isn't trying to play music. Where it just shows the clock. Hard to explain over text
included harness work aftermarket singledin stereo parts required antenna extender	Yes, you need to wire the included harness to the aftermarket harness. Then plug and play. The wires have the location printed on them.
batteries need	It does not use batteries just plug it in to a usb port and your good to go.
able disconnect stock stereo hook new aftermarket one still use stock clockac controls	Yes u can. The radio won't work but the Clock and other controls work fine
effect dual zone air conditioning controls	Nope. I have The speaker for the Bluetooth coming out by the cigarette lighter compartment and people hear me clearly. Still loving this stereo
install aftermarket radio still use sat factory radio steering wheel controls	If by sat you mean the radio connection, then no, you cannot use the original radio, you would need to plug the antenna into the new radio in order to use it and you would probably need an extension for it. The new radio would need to have an integrated steering control option.
d3100 stock lens fit	No it will not. Nikkor lens hoods are designed to fit only to the lens they are dedicated to.
unit work windows 7 others tried	Yes
manual focus ring accessible lens hood	yes
would fit 55300mm f4556g	No, the one for the 55-300mm f/4.5-5.6G lens is the HB-57, it's has a little larger opening than the 55-200 (I own both lenses).
fit 55200mm f456g ed afs dx vr nikkor zoom lens	I believe it does, but I don't have the camera with me at this time.
would fit ed 1855mm afs dx nikkor	I don't know ! The Lens Hood I use on my 18-55mm DX Nikkor is the Nikon HB-45. This Lens Hood works great on my 18-55mm Lens, I CAN NOT say that about all Nikkor Lens Hoods.
better 55200 vr hood one better free hood comes 55200vr	Not sure but it looks cooler!
fit nikkor 55mm f28 ais lens	They both take 52mm filters, so it will fit.
much record time tape	Standard play is 60 minutes. Long play is 120 minutes. Some machines allow SLP (not recommended), for longer record times. 60 Minutes will provide best recorded play back.
nikon lens compatable th d3100	This lens will auto focus on both the D5100 and the D3100. Look for the AF-S desgination in the description of the lens to determine if it will auto focus.
work 18140mm f3556g ed vr afs dx nikkor zoom lens	not sure. I have a 55-200mm lens and 18-55mm. check the Nikon site to help you. Hope this helps.
fit nikon d5100 following lens nikkor dx afs 1855mm f3556g	I don't know ! The Lens Hood I have on my DX AF-S 18-55 mm F3.5-5.6G is an Nikon HB-45 . Works GREAT! I CAN,T say that for all Nikon Lens Hoods ! DonC
lense work nikon d3000	Yes. I have a Nikon D3000 and purchased this lens as an adjunct to my 35-55mm lens. It
lens work d40 thanks	Yes the Nikkors are all interchangeable with Nikon cameras
work nikon d3000	yes
work d3200 camera	Yes
lense compatible nikkon d40 slr	Yes it is, I have one and use it to take pictures at my children's sporting events, they turn out great
pretty steady hand shoot good closeups 1855mm easy taking pictures lens without tripod	Yes, I haven't had any problems taking photos with this lens without a tripod.
lens also work new d5300	Yes this Lens works with my D5300 amazing photos
dropped mine broke difference tell markings mine roman numeral ii g ed I sure means anything interchangeable advise please thanks	I have the 18-55mm with G II ED (I bought online) and the 55-200MM with G ED ( the original lens) , they both work on the camera so I assume they're interchangeable. Not sure what the II means???
work d3200 nikon	Most Nikon lenses are interchangeable from cameras... It should.
fit nikon d3200	Can't say for sure but I"m using on a D7000 and it's my understanding that the lens base is the same on both the D3200 and D7000. A call to a camera store should be able to confirm this. Hope this helps.
lens manual aperture adjustment	Ben - I don't think this is part of the kit lens - it does have a switch for auto and manual focus, not aperture. If you have mounted it on a Nikon DX SLR camera back, you can switch the camera to manual mode or aperture priority mode and adjust the aperture with the dial on the back of the camera. I hope that helps!
kit lens comes d5200	More than likely. This is the basic lens that comes with most Nikon DSLR cameras.
length lens fully extended going place says lenses 3 smaller	The length of this lens fully extended is 3 and 3/8 inches long, not including the mount or a filter.
lense work nikon ds3000	Yes, nikon lenses are universal through nikons
best 55200 mm lens	No, I would highly suggest going for the VR version for a few extra bucks. This is obsolete. I also would suggest getting a new version as this lens is old and many used ones won't operate correctly.
fit d50	It does. I bought this a couple years ago for my D50 and love it! It's my go to lense!
lens fit d80 also curious nikon extended warranty guess find soon enough warranty thing ordered one need learn lenses etcas see much higher priced	Yes it will fit the d80! I have a nikon d80 and that's the camera I use this lens with.
speakers	Yes but i used sterio
fit ac220 v	Sorry I took so long to respond. I see nothing in my documentation to indicate any AC220 option. I would suggest finding a 220 to 110 converter but make sure it is 60 cycle ac.
ipad connect	I frequently use my projector with a Dell lap top running Google Chrome. If you can use some operating system on ipad, it probably will allow a second display. specify the output display as an output to a computer output connector that can connect to the projector. Then use the projector functions to accept computer input. Sorry I cannot guaranty that this will will work.
question able view dvd's tv	Just to let you know, this projector can be used to watch both TV and DVDs. However, in order to watch a DVD, you need to attach a DVD player to it. The sound from the DVD player also needs to be run through a stereo, since the projector only has one really crappy speaker on it.
connect mac connect epson powerlite s3 mac	There is a 14 pin cable that came with the projector. There should be a 14 pin plug on your computer like the one on the back of the projector. The hand held controller for the projector has a button on the left front that says "computer".
would good camera ir conversion	I have never had one converted but from what I have heard and read the D70s is a good candidate for IR. I no longer have my to D70s as I am shooting a D7000. Guess I should have kept my D70 s body for IR.
know good package deal lenses also I new slr still take pictures get lenses	I don't know of any package deals on lenses, but I do know this price for a D70s is a rip off. You can get the same model for well under $1000. And if you're new to DSLR's, you don't need a bunch of lenses anyway. Google "nikon d70s kit" or "d70s kit lens." The kit lens is fine for a beginner.
d50 vs d70s	I would go with the D70s over the D50. I manage a camera shop and i can tell you from expierence. First of all the D70 will have better body construction, a faster frame rate of shots per second, better autofocus system, and most importantly comes kit with a extremely nice $400 18-70mm lens. The lens has a metal mount compared to the D50's 18-55's plastic mount, has a Silent Wave Motor which makes autofocusing extremely silent. Overall its a better quality camera for the money.
lens work nikon f5 35mm camera	yes. The only lens F5 cannot use is "pre-AI" whatever that means. per http://www.nikonians.org/reviews?alias=nikon-slr-camera-and-lens-compatibility
need buy charger camera anyone know order one	http://www.amazon.com/SterlingTek-Nikon-EN-EL3e-Battery-Charger/dp/B0029U7PZM/ref=sr_1_1?s=photo&ie=UTF8&qid=1422043183&sr=1-1&keywords=en-el3+battery+charger
lense fit d300	Yes, it does. The D300 does have a focus motor in the camera as well, but it also works with AF-S lenses. The incompatibility works the other way around, for example D3100, D5200, and older cameras without focus motors will ONLY auto-focus with AF-S lenses. D300, D7000, D7100 and older cameras like the D80 and D90 will auto-focus with either AF-S OR screw-drive lenses. 
cant believe people still buying dated dslr small lcdis really worth iti know high sync speed af motor	Baku: I purchased a D70 s new. I purchased 2 used D 70 s cameras, one through Amazon. 1. I was pleased with the quality/condition of the unit; there was an instruction booklet, charger - the condition was more than I expected. Now let me tell you what a premier repair shop in Cleveland said. "It is everything you need" talking to me. I have a 35-70 2.8, 80 - 200 2.8 and a 85 1.8 among others. 
know many shutter clicks camara tested working	tens of thousands and it works absolutely perfectly fine. I love the camera. not one problem with anything about the camera. I will update with the exact shutter click numbers asap. by the way, I have upgraded to a d7100 (the deal was too good to pass up) but my primary is still the d70s
want purchase camera need friday nov 22nd chance overnighted priorty mail	Yes, we offer next day air shipping service.
camera record video	Nope. This is an older (obsolete) model. Check out nikonusa.com for the current lineup.
good camera use wedding take pictures	The D70s is very good for both. However, for low-light situations I strongly suggest a good flash. I shot four weddings with it using Nikon's SB-800 flash and got excellent results. If you're new to DSLRs, use "Auto" for everything except ISO. Adjust the ISO as needed for the particular lighting you're shooting in. I also suggest a photo editor such as Adobe Lightroom or Photoshop to bring out shadows, cropping, and adjusting white balance as needed.
power cord ac adapter also sell npfv30 battery	Yes, it is both the power cord and the AC adapter.
charge camera charger using camera	Yes, u can use it while charging.
original sony adapter	the ad says "Sony AC L200" and it also says "by Sony", and one of the reviewers says "Good OEM product", and another says "the power supply is an original Sony part..." Yes.
compatible hdrcx220 camera	I tried to attach a picture but I can't seem to do it. However if you enter "Sony AC L200 - Power adapter" into the search box the 8th item down says "AC Power Adapter Charger for Sony HDR-CX200, HDR-CX210, HDR-CX220, HDR-CX230, HDR-CX330 Handycam Camcorder". 
actual shutter click number	The shutter click number is the number of times the shutter mechanism has actuated over the life of the camera - essentially the number of images taken with that specific camera. For the Nikon D70, the average shutter life is about 70,000 images.
work hdrpj340	No it does not.
work sony dcrhc52 handycam	Not sure sorry.
appropriate sony dscwx7 charge battery camera	Yes
battery npfm30 also power cord	No
pioneer recommend unit retail $100 charging double	This part has been discontinued and unavailable for the past few years.
presets anyone know sure model lets store presets satellite radio	If you have the double din dvd style head unit, you can store many presets. Plus you can see the list and what's playing on all the presets. THe memo feature is cool too, it will remind you when a fav song is playing on another station.
since xm sirius merged unit play like starmate 4	This unit only works with XM service.
84v 42v	8.4 volts
works dsc hx200v	I do not know for sure but if you go to http://www.amazon.com/ABC-Products%C2%AE-DSC-HX100V-DSC-HX200V-DCR-DVD105/dp/B0042AW4D0 it says that is will work with your camera.
work 2009 toyota corolla	It should,u would have to put the tuner under a seat.
work treat cracks plastic computer cases small 2 inch crack 5cm diameter hole case imac	I would not recommend this for fixing a plastic PC case. This does have a strong hold but it is meant for thermal applications. 
evaluating attaching heat sinks cars limited slip differential help temps track use observations recommendations ty	Look elsewhere! I'd consider a diff cover with integrated cooling fins first. Next, although much more spendy, would be a 12v pump feeding the gear lune through a small radiator with a fan similar to those used as add-on transmission coolers for towing. The viscosity of gear lube might be a bit high for the "average" 12v pump, though.
separate parts attached failed peltier cooler attached heatsink needs go back manufacturer	It is difficult to remove cured thermal compound, but it can be done. Use 91% or higher rubbing/isopropyl alcohol to soften it up, and pry from the edges slowly with a non-metal tool. You may want to try twisting the cooler a bit too, that can soften it up and it may pop off when given enough torque. Once removed use the alcohol and lots of paper towels to clean things up.
want use attach aluminum heat transfer fins atop aluminum valve covers hold 200 degree heat engine vibration	As I stated in my review I fastened a finned aluminum heatsink to the top of an RC's ectronic speed control for my offroad race truck. 
want us parts get around 700 degrees f 371 c max temp	While I have no idea what the answer to your question is, I do know this product is designed for CPU/GPU temps which rarely exceed 100 C.
long take dry	You must keep the parts clamped together for 60 minutes. After that, the instructions say to let it dry for "several hours" before putting any undue stress on the components.
thermal conductivity epoxy thanks	Very high
bond copper stainless steel	probably. I used it over a year ago to bond 1w LED's to an aluminum heatsink. Works great and is outside.
many square inches 5 grams cover mount 3 5 watt 20 mm star mount leds sheet heat sink many	Since the adhesive is applied in as thin a coat as possible, 5 gm (2.5 each component) should last you a long time. I have used this product to mount star LEDs on a heat sink. Unless you have a huge number to do, 5 gm will probably expire before you use it all.
work securing nichrome wire alumina crucible need go 500c	This adhesive is limited to a service temperature of -40c to 150c, thus it will not work for you. This adhesive is intended to conduct heat to a heatsink in electronic applications, where high thermal conductivity is important, but service temperature is only modestly hot.
modem comcast modem dhg5352 dcm425 work ststem	You should contact Comcast to verify that your device is supported.
work mac	Any modem should be compatible with any computer. A modem is a receiver from your internet server and sends the signal to your computer, wireless sending unit, dvd player, or whatever.
connect netgear n150 router device	Internet cable to cable modem, cable from modem to router, cable from router to computer.
unit come power cords etc needed complete install	Yes. It comes with the antenna and the data cord from the unit to your Pioneer head unit. Check your head unit to make sure it's compatible. It will have a large data port in the back and it will say XM ready on the front.
could hook factor xm antenna tuner	I recommend you call crutchfield and ask them. Here is why, you might need a adator. You cannot cut and splice. Make sure you tell them the model number of you radio and the model number of Pioneer GEX-P920XM. Thanks
use xm antenna someone gave tuner need antenna	I don't see any reason you can't. I have one for my radio in my truck. Of course, I bought mine new and it came with an auto type antenna with a magnetic base, but any XM antenna should work with this tuner as long as it has the correct sized male input.
modem support internet speed 50 mbps upgrated internet plan 50mbps	From what I was told, No....it will not accept that high of a speed...it's a "2" modem....you would need a "3"
internet telephone	As far as I know, this modem is not for telephone....
remarks modem old time warner provided really would know pick instead landline attached	If you need the landline port in the back for your landline, then this unit will not serve your purposes, if you have an Ooma device, or a Basic Talk device, or a Magic Jack, or some other device to extract voice from the modem, it should be just fine.
looking modem number bottom 0011e3f44143 rca number bottom	No , my model is dcm476 and the only other #s are serial number ( individual per unit ) and MAC ( individual per unit )
work dhg 536 c comcast	I don't know understand your question. I used this for Comcast cable here in Maryland until my service started having problems. Not sure if it was this modem or something with Comcast signals. But I've since purchased another modem and Comcast works fine. Hope this response helps
work 2011 jeep wrangler unlimited sahara uconnect radio	No idea. Mine was a replacement for the original on a Stilletto Sirius radio.
work 2013 jeep wrangler uconnect factory satellite radio	Can't be sure. I've had mine forever. A lot has changed. Maybe someone else can help you out! Sorry
antenna come pink adapter shown xm device reuires squarerectangular plug	I remember it coming with a pick end. I can't remember what else was in the accessory pack.
pink connector universal plug fit fakra plugs older oem xm radios	As far as I know if the XM radio uses the "pink" plug then it will fit. I used this antenna as a replacement on a 2004 Nissan OEM XM tuner and a aftermarket XM tuner without any trouble. This antenna did come with the pictured adapter if needed. I did test this adapter on another XM tuner and the antenna worked without any problems.
power cord included requires 120v60 hz ac power	yes, the power cord comes with it. the only draw back was that the cable company service is required to activate the device. According to my cable company I was not able to use it with my existing service as an extra box without incurring an extra fee.
antenna work well new siriusxm mobile receiver	I think it will I have the old Delphi and it came with adapter for both styles
I read item connect directly prius requires adapter spliced know case	This thread should help: http://priuschat.com/threads/improving-xm-satellite-radio-reception.129447/page-2#post-2030256
may dumb question wil work sirius radio well	Not dumb!, In fact I'm using it on a Sirius radio Stiletto, and it is an exact fit, very satisfied, appears to be somewhat better than the original equipment external antenna.
modem work place rca dhg 535	Not sure.
work old skyfi models	We used this on the ship I'm on with the 1st generation boom box skyfi and it worked fine. Lasted for awhile but on the ocean it gets abused. But it does work.
apple wireless keyboard quite slim low keys kind sit high keyboard cover work	I would not recommend this for the Apple "chiclet" keyboards. The keyboard skin is shaped for a more conventional keyboard.
need 30 many	We have 195 pieces in stock. Shipping from California.
cover hide letters hp pavilion laptop looks like desk top key board raised keys	there is a version made for laptops and one for desktops. I have both and have been happy with them.
fit hp keyboard	Yes
dell desktop cover fit	Yes! Our district only purchases DELL.
shipping handling included	Shipping options and amount will be provided at check out.
leave plugged car running	Hey,Raymond!No worry on leaving the Wagan 4-Way plugged in.The only drain is going to be a very small (5 milliamp) usage for the red led indicator lamp.
many skins included 1595 set	Only one.
fit wyse keyboard	We have this computer that came with a wireless keyboard, and the skin fits fine. http://www.amazon.com/Dell-IO2305-3114MSL-Inspiron-Computer-Processor/dp/B004H1R7PO/ref=sr_1_16?s=pc&ie=UTF8&qid=1414449155&sr=1-16&keywords=dell+inspiron+one+touchscreen
somebody understands electronics please use unit seems power charge electronic devices	I purchased the same unit and I had the same difficulty. Connecting the unit to the power source, the indicator light shows power coming in. Might be an internal contact problem or a mechanical design problem, because anything connected to it was not charging.
many amps device rated please guess never mind 10amps	i donot know to be honest but i can say i have all ports used at one time never killed batt. this is the best one i have found i tried auto zone napa a few others i recm. this one honest
room actually plug 4 items none would usb	Yes. I use on my boat and car. None are usb.
onoff switch turn switch turn receptacles one time	no. You simply slide it into the cigarette lighter or accessory socket and all four of them turn on. I honestly do not recommend this product as it kept blowing fuses within itself and in the fuse box of my Jeep. I bought a replacement for this unit at autozone and never had a problem after that.
says fused many amps fused fuse replaceable	The fuse is accessible by unscrewing the nose of the male plug. It is easily replaceable. The fuse is a glass cartridge style, but might have been physically smaller than the normal 3AG size, so getting a new fuse might involve a search. I don't know the value, since I cut off the plug so that I could permanently wire this adapter into an already fused vehicle circuit.
cigarette lighter mistaken lose opening simply come one suppose	Cigarette lighters require a special socket; of this device's four sockets, one is compatible with pop-when-hot cigar lighters. Just as with most contemporary cars, this device does not come with a cigar lighter.
tv	TV stands for television which is a telecommunication medium for transmitting and receiving moving images that can be monochrome (black-and-white) or colored, with or without accompanying sound. "Television" may also refer specifically to a television set, television program, or television transmission
screw mounts strong enough hang unit bottom acabinet travel trailer	If you want to hang this from the bottom of a shelf or cabinet, you will need long screws about 1.5 inches approximately. The mounts swing out from the bottom to the side. You will have to be careful when tightening the screws so as not to put to much strain on the ends of the plastic brackets as they would bend and maybe break off. It is really designed to mount on top of something where the mounts are sitting solid against something. Being it does have a screw holding this mount to the base, it would be easy to replace this plastic mount with piece of light weight metal from a hardware store. I only use mine when I want to plug my GPS and Radar Detector in my car and I leave it laying on the floor until I am finished with my hookup, then unplug it and put it away until my next trip. The unit works fine for my use.
use unit charge cell phone andor kindle thanks	You should be able to for either and both together, just remember to have your vehicle running as trying to charge two devices at once can drain your vehicle battery down. This is just an extension of your 12 volt outlet.
hooking gaming consoles assume people give stereo mono sound	With my PS3 I get stereo sound in my headphones. Hope that helps!
trying put headphone xbox 360 headphone volume control	It's a little annoying, but go into your game or Netflix settings for volume control. There you can adjust all sfx and volume settings. It's not perfect, but it beats purchasing a $100 headphone amp.
work apple earphone	If your headphones are these http://www.apple.com/ca/ipod/in-ear-headphones/ then yes since the website states that the connector has a 3.5-mm audio jack. The main thing is that your earphones has to have a connector that says 3.5mm
connect one rca keyboard audio one rca mp3 player connect headphone hear piano playing mp3	Its technically possible, like left speaker is piano and right mp3.
really take 1728 days arrive	Our shipment normally take 14-25business days to arrive. A part of our customer can receive the package within 14days .
length cable please need know buying thanks	3 feet
cannot get gaming sounds x12s correct please xbox seem audio adaptor slot	Hi, as I know xbox have a yellow, red, and white connect that hook onto the tv to connect the xbox. Use the white and red connect the manhattan sound cord, then the yellow cord will plug on to the tv then on the other half you could use a computer speaker to hook onto your speaker then it should be working :)
inconsistent info product says following memory speed 333mhz ddr2667pc25300 sku says kvr667d2s51gwhich according kingston 667 mhz cardso	I understand (from reading about DDR2 ram earlier since I'm looking at an upgrade to 2GB) that DDR2 is normally rated at double the speed of the individual chips/modules, since it uses two channels to transmit data from point A to point B. I believe I saw this in a info sheet (PDF) on Kingston's web site. I agree, it's confusing.
xbox	This works great for my Xbox when I want to play games without disturbing anyone sleeping.
compatible dell dimension c521	Hi Steve, I'm Jewel with Kingston Technical Support, here to answer your question. part number KVR667D2S5/1G is not compatible with your Dell Dimension C521 as it is notebook size memory and your system needs desktop size memory. The compatible and recommended part number is KTD-DM8400B/1G.
compatible dell dimension e521 written ram laptop answer	go to the dell support site and put in the info of this memory to see if it"s compatible with your machine check with dell first to see if it"s the right memory. I hope that I help you out with this info.
compatible gateway desktop gt 5428 believe want make sure	Yes the RAM type is compatible with your Gateway, but this particular memory module is for laptop computers and would not fit in a desktop motherboard.
compatible dell optiplex gx620 minitower	No, this ram is for a laptop
compatable dell 4550 dimension dell 4550 dimension desktop anyone purchased model compatable	please read http://en.community.dell.com/wikis/desktop/dimension-4550-maximum-memory-2gb-not-1gb.aspx
cpu memory hard drive better desperatly need memory need space music movies things like	memory makes a computer run faster hard drive gives you more storage room and cpu is the basic brain; allows comp to run smoother. So either memory or hard drive but the harddrive may be more expensive. you may consider an external hard drive to store all your stuff.
work dell dimension 4600 hii dell dimension 4600anyone techies knows whether could install module	Check out Crucial.com and browse to Dell &gt; Dimension &gt; 4600 and you'll find exactly what type of memory you need. Check Amazon's price though, they may be better than crucial.
tacoma sport long bed mount celling mess celling mounted dash dash protect back end dash ty	You can mount it under or behind the seats. It should cover about 3 to 8 feet beyond the body. I suggest trial staging and see what gives you the best location. It also adjusts signal strength, so keep that in mind.
work asus p5k3	use the memory finder on amazon.com its under all of the kingston ram products in the promotions section
used factory alarm 2002 honda accord se	It can be used in any alarm system provided with additional port shock sensor, you need to see if you factory system module have additional port for it, if not, you can replace the shock sensor for proximity sensor. Regards,
1 would good sensor motorhome storage hatch basement large storage area 3 large doors cheap locksand	Yes it would be... it is a verry effective sensor
would one wire one cheaper pyle boss alarms sold amazon want also use shock sensor going rv	The cheap alarms only have one slot I think just for the shock sensor. In order to use the proximity sensor you would have to use the slot and forget about shock sensor. I'm using a viper so there is 2 slots.
appeaers connector wirth female end points correct rca brand headphones provide adapters	Yes this is a Y connector with all female end points. As for the second portion of your question I do not understand. You may have to reword your question or try to explain better what you are looking for.
many wire connector 3 4 alarms 4 wire connector	don't quote me, but i think you only need 2 wires to trigger the alarm. I've used this item for 2 different cars, and one was a 81 datsun with an alarm from the 80s.
range adjustable much thanks	Yes it very adjustable, but I recommend that you keep it at factory setting because it would go off for the slightest movements, even a strong wind blow
could someone please explan exactly think I looking thanks	This is a mobility detector. If anybody is about 1 meter from the vehicle it will actvate your car alarm system. It is not an alarm system, it is just an additional device to the car alarm system.
fit samsung un75h6350 tv	I don't know if it will fit the 75" Samsung. It fit my 60" Samsung with no problem.
would fit panasonic th50px20	I have a 46" Panasonic and there was plenty of room for larger on the bracket.
wall mount fit 46 samsung	Yes, I am using this mount for a 46" samsung (4665F) and it works just fine. The only thing I would say is that, because a lot of the connections are on the back, having a mount that doesn't telescope from the wall can make hooking up new electronics a pain. (The 4665 has extra hdmi and composite inputs on the side, but you have to connect to the back for component)
samsung plasma 60 pdptv5350 would like tv close wall good choice screw anywhere want wall	It should work. The two verticals adjust to match studs. Once on the mount you do not have access to any plugs behind the TV because it is too tight.
want car alarm system want would go would mind buying cheap alarm system though use	this product is a add on to an alarm or to replace the shock sensor. if someone gets too close to my car the alarm goes off. 
used install single din stereo pocket use bay occupied radio	No, this kit is meant to work with a one double din or two single din units installation.
height rows mounting holes existing holes wall wall mounted tv mount gone know model trying find one line existing holes thanks	My TV is too big and I could not get my hands far enough under it to measure this. I am unable to find the manual either. It came with paper template. I would recommend calling the manufacturer directly.
work 2005 escape hybrid lists 2006	Most new fords come with a double bay over the heater dials so it should work
kit allow remove radio toolinsertwhatever remove entire dash panel like metra kit	You do not need to remove the dash panel just hook it up with the tool one on each side then grab ahold of each side and pull straight out easy as 1, 2, 3
hold radio cb radio dash 2001 ford ranger edge sure wherehow install cb	Sounds like you may be stacking them together and putting both in this dash kit. I'd guess that if both of them stacked together is equal to or less than the size of a double din radio then you should be good. 
work eonon double dingps 04 mercury marauder	Yes
fit 1998 ford ranger	Not really sure I know Ford F1 50s had the same body style from I think it was 96 or 98 to 2002 I don't know if that affects the CD player not
product arrive shown picture aka picture get	Yes, this product is identical with that picture, I recommend this product, it is very good with any devices specially with ps3!
work 2003 e450 motorhome cab	Having not seen one I could only guess. If you have a double din cutout then I wouldn'tsee why it won't fit. My Escape had a double din with metal on either side, that is basically what keeps this kit in place.
peerless wall mount able hang metal stud wall	Really not sure. There is no hardware included to fasten it to metallic stud
fan work 220v	It's a 12VDC motor, powered by a standard PC power supply - you plug it into your motherboard. As long as you've got a PC power supply/motherboard combo that's happy with 220V, then the answer is "yes".
work f250	What year?? If it is 1997 through 2001 it will fit the dash nicely. Remember you will have some minor trimming of the box behind the cover, I used a Dremel.
good replacement t&ampt mw925h12s 3pin case cooling fan	There's no replacement for water cooled. Mine has been working brilliantly, so well my problem now is video card cooling ha ha
dimensions	3.2 x 3.2 x 1 inches
2 black redwires fan yellow wire	On three pin connectors for fans, the red wire is 12V, the black wire is ground and the yellow wire is a speed sensor output.
wanted get 01' ford ranger see 3 others amazon compare one reviews metrascoscheetc	I used the exact same thing on my 2001 F-150, it worked well! Only thing is you have to use a Dremmel tool to cut out the plastic on the top inside other than that it fit and locked in well. Mike
fit 2004 ford ranger	It worked in my 2002 find. You must modify the bezel a bit.
fan fit asus u50f	I do not know the answer to that question.
fan sealled bearings	I'm sorry I cannot answer this question. The fans are installed in the case and are working well.
compatible router motorola sb5120 hi one know routers modem compatible	I have a Linksys WRT54G and it works beautifully with the SB5120.
push lot air	Yes, it works well and is quiet. mbs
modem work x1 box triple play package comcast still pay 700 modem connection fee	Since you're using your own modem. There would be no fee from the cable company to rent one. The modem works just fine on Comcasts network. The cable company will probably try to talk you into getting a newer modem for reasons they don't understand themselves. Don't buy into their BS
power supply cable modem automatic 110220v	I'm not sure, but you can always buy a power adaptor that can handle both
replacement time warner's modem	I am not familiar with Time Warner. Based on my previous experiences I would say yes BUT I would encourage you to see if any others have had success utilizing this modem instead of the issued TWM. If it does, or does not work, please add your results to this thread. It would be appreciated. Best of luck my friend.
power supply cable modem automatic 110220v	It is 110
come cable need connect	From what I can recall it did come with the cables. If it does not, you can order them from Amazon or monoprice.com. Either way, it works great and is a good deal.
modem comcast compatible	I've had this modem for a long time and I have Comcast/Xfinity. However, I just looked at the approved device list on the Comcast website (http://mydeviceinfo.comcast.net/) and the SB5120 is no longer listed.
whether available right	Yes, simply pick a seller.
default password	Try this site: http://portforward.com/default_username_password/Motorola.htm
modem sold power cord need purchased seperatily	It IS sold with a power cord, but the one they sent me was the wrong one for the modem.
discontinued garmin	It has been replaced with the eTrex 30, which has a few design upgrades over the Vista. The eTrex 20 has a few less functions than the Vista but is also comparable. Here is a better comparison between eTrex 30 and older Vista: http://www.aukadia.net/gps/e30-review.pdf
garmin etrx buy one would better navigating water	I have the same question, and it has been difficult, no answer so far. I don't care that much about price if it gets me in and out of the deep swamp and marshes.
garmin edge vs garmin etrex garmin etrex different garmin edge	Garmin ETrex Vista HCx is the latest Etrex. The mapping features in the Etrex are excellent. It shows you street maps, turn-by-turn directions, points-of-interest, etc. The Etrex also has much better battery life than the Edge.
supposed route superimposed google earth using basecamp often hundreds feet actual route solution thanks	Make sure you have WAAS enabled. And make sure you have "follow street" enabled. Should do it. If it looks good on the Etrex screen but not Google Earth then it is a compatibility problem between the two and your s.o.o.l.. Good luck!
come preinstalled maps maps purchased garmin	Greetings, no it does not come with Pre installed maps.You can buy from amazon, an sd card with the maps you need.I enjoy my Etrex vista, and it is a life line for my Washington state hiking trips.You will love it&gt;GR, Leavenworth Wa
fans connect using nzxt individually sleeved 3pin fan cable 2 male 1 female premium cable cb3py	yup
fan respond motherboard rpm control function case temperature	Yes, if the motherboard has that feature. This fan has a three wire connector.
anyone problems addresses icon map downloaded	Method 1 : As you cycle thru to get to main menu page, you will see a "FIND" icon. Clicking that takes you to another submenu where you can click "Addresses" (as well as "Waypoints", "Cities" etc...) Method 2: Shortcut to getting to "Find" Submenu is to press the MENU/Find button down for few seconds.
etrex vista hcx versus etrex venture hc would overbuying got vista	If you need to bring your laptop anyway I would just purchase the Venture. I had the same dilemma and went the the Vista because I dont want to have to keep going back to my computer to drop a set of maps for another. I do have to say at the price the vista is going for here on Amazon you really cant go wrong with that either.
charge camera	George, Unfortunatly this doen not charge the camera, but it does work wery well. Cass
work d3100	Yes it does, havent had a problem with it. I use it for an external monitor while filming.
cable work 50	No, According to the specifications on Nikon's site: http://www.nikonusa.com/en/Nikon-Products/Product/Cables-AV/25280/EG-D2-Audio-Video-Cable.html
vista hcx vs legend hcx garmin vista hcx legend hcx seem ok difference price worth purpose	The difference is the Vista has an altimeter and compass. To my knowledge that is it. Up to you if it is worth the extra $50-60. For me, it was.
work embroidery machines	If the machine has a PCMCIA slot, then yes it will work. Not sure what type of files you'll load onto the card, but I am sure 512MB will be quite compatible. I would say anything up to 2GB would be compatible with more machines and operating systems. Once you start getting into 4GB+ and HC (high capacity) cards, then things begin to get a little finicky.
limit card capacity &amp cf card used	Yes, I've used all my CF cards and it works fine. The only issue would be the device you're plugging the card into and whether it has any limit. Some computer card slots may have a limit to how much it can read.
work sdmmc cardsi 1 gb sd made sandisc	A CF card plugs into this. It would be interesting to see if stacking adapters (PCMCIA&gt;CF&gt;SD) would work.
need 100 thesedo inventory	Yes we have them in FBA Centers. Place your order now.
want know maximum transfer speed would understand 16bit card slow fast slow	I am sorry but was not able to use it for the job intended. So can not give an honest answer
need know fit pc card slot 2007 honda crv manuel calls pcmcia pc card adapter slot 1 12 wide	Yes. You will need both the PMCIA adapter and the 16GB 133X card too.
work mercedes 2007 s550	I think so.
work trv900 sony	I don't know if it would work.
use mercedes c350 8 gb sdhc card reader pc I successfully put music sdhc card I sure actually fits transcend cf adapter put adapter sdhc card	Sarah, you should check if the C350 (I do not have one) can use SDHC, even if it fits as it is similar to an SD card, SDHC is a slightly different technology and the car may not be able to recognize it.
work connect ps3 tv coax input tried rca rf modulator $973 &amp work	this accepts rca type plug ins and puts out coax.... I don't know for sure but I think it might
need convert video male plug older camera system coax connection new tv work	That is exactly what this is for. Svideo to coax.
rca's	The rca's are in and rf (antenna) out. This works with the ROKU LT.
work directv sat standard definition	It should. I'm using it to feed the RCA video/audio output of a digital receiver to a std. def. TV cable input.
put audio coax line well	Yes, I believe so, but not when using S-Video input. S-Video is video only; no sound. The RCA jacks will accept audio, and it should be sent out over the coax just like TV.
rca outputs	I believe they are rca inputs rather than outputs. There is also an s-video input. The arrangement allows connection of a dvd recorder or player to an old style tv without rca connectors. Most of the new players and recorders come without tuners and rf connectors but do have rca and/or s-video connectors.
work reverse ie antenna compositercas	This item did not work for me at all. So, I don't know if it will work in reverse. Sorry.
hp 360 envy work computer	Yes, I have an older Envy myself, until I gave it to my neice so that she can use it as a drawing tablet. I bought the extra HP digital pen so that she'll have a spare.
pen work hp tm2t tablet laptops	It works for me as a replacement but it didn't fit in the slot as nicely as the original. But you can still write and everything on the screen with it.
work hp elitebook 810 g1	No, It does not
windows 8 os pen compatible work special notebook paper	Your computer needs to have a digitizer type screen. If it does not have this it won't work.
device work digital converter box watch local television	I used the Dynex to convert my converter box signal to a coax cable signal in order to run it to another room.
work hp pavillion x2 10 tabletpc	Mostly it works and it is getting better. The eraser does not 100 percent work. Do the BIOS updates to get the most out of it.
use pen hp p0309 lap top	No
work hp envy x360 2in1 156 touchscreen laptop	No you can call HP and they will tell you the new pen which is active. This is a passive pen that only works with pen enabled HP 2710P. 2730P. 2740P. 2760P
pen work touchsmart devices whether laptop tablet hp pavilion beats touchsmart laptop	no it is very particular and was made for the 2710 / 2730/ 2740 / 2760P models and HP makes a more generic pen for all touchscreens
need bluetooth laptop work work usb port	You do not need Bluetooth for the digital pen to work. However, the HP or Compaq laptop must support a touch display with active digitizer for the pen to work.
supply antenna fora roadmate 760	Antenna is built-in, there is no external port. Save your $$$$. There are several hundred different better GPS is in this unit. This is old technology. Get a garmin.
map updates often map updates made	For updates now, they charge you about $100.00 and they send you a CD to do the update.
bought 8g sd card kodak easy share c330 put says memory full need erace intenal memory	Hi, Patricia. That camera, being older technology, can only handle a 1G SD card, maximum. I went through the same thing when I first got mine. You can get a 1G card online, but they are hard to find in stores. That said, it is a fairly nice camera, and I use mine often. Best of luck. Bruce
battery life kodak kaa2hr one else hae happen	I have the same problem. Always running out of battery. Then the dock stopped working, so I am not at all happy. Good luck.
760 roadmate update version 6 purchase one update v6 install	DONT LOAD THE UPDATE FOR GOD'S SAKE!! It will permanently disable your unit. My letter to Garmin: I just loaded the map update and it killed my unit- no response to power. Apparently, your update has killed over 20 units, and probably many times that many.
hi camera kodak easyshare c330 4 mp digital camera 3xoptical zoom take aa batteries charger	It takes 2 AA batteries. Get good batteries and they last quite a long time.
c330 says full put new sd card	what size is the sd card? this camera only takes a 1G SD card
map updates anybody know one get updated version maps	Reformat your computer's hard drive to reinstall the mapping software? That is totally unacceptable. No software installation, of any type except Windows itself, should *ever* require such drastic action. And any decently-designed update software should not fail to the extent described, even if interrupted for any reason.
dock need dock get pictures computer	no....if you download your pictures to any PC, you can print with any printer. Use the included cable or if you are using a memory card (which you should), you can use almost any card reader, usb or built-in to print from.
fit inside slim computer case matx mainboard	standard sized power supply, check dimensions of existing power supply before you order.
use power 12 volt led lights	Are you trying to power LED accent lights in your PC? Then probably "Yes". If your trying to power a string of LED lights under your kitchen cabinets...then probably "No"...
found diablotek warranty non existent tried warranty 1 find answer phone send email response	I kept calling and got thru but was disappointed with there handling of warranty
high wide deep inches	It is an ATX form factor. On the product details area of the web page it gives the dimensions (5.8 x 3.3 x 5.5)
fit dell 531s slim	I really do not know for sure. It should from what I have seen. Mine already has two fans in it. Sorry could not be more help. Thanks Ted
description picture says 4 sata connections yet picture shows specs say 1	I have one in hand - it does have 4.
much camera actually holds cannot find mb quantity want make sure need sd card hold anythingand also much hold mbwise	it has only 16 MB internal memory/13 MB available memory for image storage (1 MB equals one million bytes) so, you would probably need an extra SD card if you want to hold more than 30 or so pictures.
work apple airport	No. It replaces a screw on antenna which AirPlay doesn't have.
many 4pin 12v connectors specs box manual website say two 44 detachable single 4pin mine	They are splittable. You just break them apart. I would not recommend this supply. Blew the electric out in half my house. Spend the extra and get a coolermaster. I did and it has run 24hrs a day for six months...no problem.
prepaid samsung galaxy s4 straight talk ph get ton dropped calls something else boost signal need help ne advic	Did not work for me, as it ha as to be connected to the Internet
hawking hsb2 signal booster compatible actiontec verizon gt704wg	I have a different model actiontec modem and out works with it. Yoiu need to see if the antenna on yiur modem is removeable? If so, then you need to find out what type of connector it has. If it is a Reverse Polarity SMA (RP-SMA) connector it will work with the hawking signal booster. Hope this helps!
would work dell xps 420	Look at the specs on the original power supply. If the new PS meets or exceeds the wattage of the original, then yes - as long as all the proper connectors exist on the newer PS.
work at&ampt cell service	This is a wi-fi booster only. It does not boost cellular signals.
would happen hooked two together would get 1000 mw stay 500mw wreck second one	The dual antenna configuration would interfere with each other and make matters worse.
get weak signal nearest verizon tower strengthen signal	No. This booster is designed to increase the wifi signal from a wifi router, not a phone signal.
installed cisco router dpc3925	I don't believe so. The Hawking unit utilizes a router's external antenna connection; your Cisco unit employs internal antennae.
work verizon	Your router needs to have a detachable antenna. That is the place where the Hawking signal booster hooks in. If it has this it should work. This is a wifi signal booster .
cell phone booster wifi booster	Wi-Fi only. But a great Wi-Fi booster.
computer recognize disc	It could be your disc drive. Does it reconize other dvds? Or your disc drive is a dvd player but not a burner? If none of those are correct i d check software program your using to burn.
hawking hsb2 work straighttalk home unit	If the Straight Talk is a WiFi device then yes.
compatible mac	Can't imagine why it wouldn't be. The format of DVD is only dependent on the software creating it --- not the operating system behind the computer. DVD formats are standard for players.
print discs	The CD or DVD disc must be printable. I have used an Epson R260 printer for 15 years and have made many hundreds of labels that require TIF pictures, coloring and design practice. In my opinion,it is the only way to go.
description dvdr picture 'dvdr correct	I would go with the description. You might try Googling the part number to make certain. I only burn the -R, as the +R doesn't seem to be as universally compatible with both computer and dvd players from what I've personally deduced.
know inner diameter printable surface	About 29/32 inch per my measurement stick.
white inkjet printable version disc	Yes, this is the only disk I used. I put all my photos on them, the printed picture helps find what on the beside my file number.
white ink jet printable	No
discs branded ie plain silver top	They have the DVD and Memorex stamped on them
record dvdr	No, it has to be re-writable, it has to have a W like DVD-RW.
audio headphones work audio products ipods	Your wrong. Look at: http://logitech-en-amr.custhelp.com/cgi-bin/logitech_en_amr.cfg/php/enduser/std_adp.php?p_faqid=2921 Use passcode of: 0000
write discs	Yes you can. I like these discs better than any other. I have had little to no bad discs in these packs.
dongles headphones work purchase another bluetooth dongle different company	the analog bt audio adaptor with plantronice 590a works with logi (same passcode 0000) however, the analog audio adaptor with logi WILL NOT WORK on other bt a2dp clients
work xbox 360	Yes it does...my grandson uses it for his!
colors band wondering would black one mp3 players work ipods	The band will break. Its just a matter of time. Doesnt really matter how big your head is. Logitech has a badly desgined product on their hands. It wouldnt be so bad if you could just glue it or tape the band but unfortunately once the band snaps, the wire which runs through the band snaps along with it.
device plug play need drivers downloaded	It is not plug and play. A disc is included which is run first. This downloads everything that you need. Leave the device out of the computer until you get the ok to plug it in.
wg111v3 I trouble v2's	I'm not sure. I had to return it because it wasn't the correct one for my TiVo!!
saw qty 25 possiable could get 50	This is a quanity of 100 in a pack.
work windows 98 little dell machine	I would think it would work with any computer...I have a Dell now.
work windows 7 home premium	I don't have WIN 7; so I don'tknow. Over and out, Anthony
work tivo	It works for all games such as xbox and xbox 360 so I am assuming it will work with tivo...but not 100% sure.
tivo	TiVo compatible
work apple computers	YES
router dsl still needed drop isp provider	You still an ISP.
fit s3s5 space batteries fit canon s3 s5	It does NOT fit the S5. I bought this case because Amazon recommends it with the S5, but I am returning it because it is made for the S1 and S2, which I think were a little smaller. Do NOT get this case for an S3 or S5.
adapter work windows xp	I am pretty sure it does...my grandkids have XP in their bedroom and I have Vista so it does the job for both.
case fit lens adapter attached case fit camera using lens adapter kit s2 canon	I'm wondering the same thing! I guess I'll find out once i get the case but if you or anyone knows...I thought the lens adaper was supposed to be left on so if the case doesn't work with it that will seem to make it worthless...I just can't see taking it off and on eevery time you want to put the camera back in the case!
shirt jacket size comparable vest	From having tried the Medium and Large versions of this vest, I would say the sizes that Domke uses is the same as typical size metrics. I wear a medium shirt, and the medium vest fits me well.
wear ladies medium size order	I think a man's small would work; very nice vest.
stock 16 small 3 medium khaki colour item reference	Hello, we do not stock that quantity, but we can get them in 3 to 5 days. To coordinate purchase through Amazon please contact us at 1-800-900-6676. Thanks.
whut size	The size says large.
epauletes	Assuming I've understood you, there are no epaulettes on this item. The shoulders are undecorated.
canon powershot sx10is case fit sx10is	5 of 5 people found the following review helpful: 1.0 out of 5 stars Not for Canon SX10 IS, February 25, 2009 By Catherine Stewart "Hiker" (Charlotte, NC) - See all my reviews (REAL NAME) Horrible, Horrible, Horrible!!!!!!! Case is not for Canon Power Shot SX10 IS! I am disappointed that Amazon shows this case with the SX10 IS.
shirt jacket size comparable vest	From having tried the Medium and Large versions of this vest, I would say the sizes that Domke uses is the same as typical size metrics. I wear a medium shirt, and the medium vest fits me well.
sizes size lg xl etc	Well, I usually use a medium in shirts, jackets, etc., but I bought one of these in medium a year ago, and it is just too baggy. Yes, it does have a lot more room that way, I suppose, but I'm now in the market for a small. So, the short answer to your question is, I think they run a bit big. By the way, I'm 5'7", 160 lbs.
wear ladies medium size order	I think a man's small would work; very nice vest.
stock 16 small 3 medium khaki colour item reference	Hello, we do not stock that quantity, but we can get them in 3 to 5 days. To coordinate purchase through Amazon please contact us at 1-800-900-6676. Thanks.
whut size	The size says large.
epauletes	Assuming I've understood you, there are no epaulettes on this item. The shoulders are undecorated.
expect khaki color christmas	we have it in stock. thank you.
shirt jacket size comparable vest	From having tried the Medium and Large versions of this vest, I would say the sizes that Domke uses is the same as typical size metrics. I wear a medium shirt, and the medium vest fits me well.
wear ladies medium size order	I think a man's small would work; very nice vest.
expect khaki color christmas	we have it in stock. thank you.
stock 16 small 3 medium khaki colour item reference	Hello, we do not stock that quantity, but we can get them in 3 to 5 days. To coordinate purchase through Amazon please contact us at 1-800-900-6676. Thanks.
whut size	The size says large.
epauletes	Assuming I've understood you, there are no epaulettes on this item. The shoulders are undecorated.
expect khaki color christmas	we have it in stock. thank you.
sizes size lg xl etc	Well, I usually use a medium in shirts, jackets, etc., but I bought one of these in medium a year ago, and it is just too baggy. Yes, it does have a lot more room that way, I suppose, but I'm now in the market for a small. So, the short answer to your question is, I think they run a bit big. By the way, I'm 5'7", 160 lbs.
need protect canon s2 easiest way	I am with U 2.. need an easy way to protect my lens from the abuse my kid put it through ---HELP!!! Camera is a CANON S5IS
conversion lens adapter hood bought one s3is attach camera	I have the same problem. I just received Canon lens adapter for Canon S3IS. It doesn't fit. There isn't any way to attach it.
vcldh1758 listed recommended option h3 actually fit h3	I have an H2 and it fits fine. If it lists fitting H3, it probably does. When you add this lens, settings must be changed and works fine.
hoods s3 hoods available s3 besides one sold package	You can check out this URL http://www.lensmateonline.com/newsite/S2.html I found their product to be quite good though they are a little more expensive than the Canon stock Lens Adapter and hood.
question use cybershot dsch20 camera purchase lens used sony dsch20 digital camera purchase lens adaptor well	Joey, I have the H20 and I just received my VCL-DH1758. I also have the VCL-DH0758 (wide angle) you WILL need the adaptor VAD-HA. The adaptor works well and is actually pretty cool. 
work nex 5t camera &amp sel 55210 lens	If your lens has a 58 mm filter thread then it will fit.
lens work sony dscr1 cyber shot camera	It is hard to tell. I say that because Sony does everything backwards where some lens threads don't fit across a range of similar products. 
sizes size lg xl etc	Well, I usually use a medium in shirts, jackets, etc., but I bought one of these in medium a year ago, and it is just too baggy. Yes, it does have a lot more room that way, I suppose, but I'm now in the market for a small. So, the short answer to your question is, I think they run a bit big. By the way, I'm 5'7", 160 lbs.
sony a58 work camera	If your Sony camera has a 58mm filter thread diameter it will mate to your lens. If it has a different filter thread diameter then you might be able to get an adapter for the tele-converter lens.
work panasonicdmcfz200	Yes, if you use a step ring to adapt the size of the threads if they are not 58mm. I always buy mine from Digital Goja--inexpensive, they work perfectly, and good service. There may be some vignetting at the open (short) end of the FZ200 lens. There will be some loss of light and IQ due to the extra glass.
model weather resistant	I'm sure it's not. Never advertised as such.
lens compatible k7	Yes, it is. Works great. Of course you have to bring both if you want to be within 3 feet, but I like it a lot for mid-range shots.
samsung nx1000 te lens compatible purchase	Sorry, I do not know.
lens fit k30 camera	Yes. It works on the K30, followed by the K50, followed by the K500, which is what I have it on. That is the direct lineage of these entry level cameras from Pentax in the last few years.
hi lens go straight pentex kr black model 1855mm lens moment want higher one	I don't have a k-r camera but I would think the 50-200 F4-5.6 would fit. Suggest you log onto pentaxforums.com You will definitely find the answer there. By the way I love this 50-200 lens on my Pentax K100D.
cleaner d3800a primarily jewelry cleaner model cleaning mouthguards	Im not sure but i know you can clean them like your own teeth, with your toothbrush and toothpaste. Also you can soak it in mouthwash for about 5-10 minutes to help sanitize it. Try using google for more information.
working batteries voltage	AC power. It doesn't take batteries.
clean costume jewelry fire everyday jewelry hanging display rack full soot smoke right machine suggestions	Hi. Sorry to hear about fire. Let me answer you this way. It is also for cleaning eyeglasses and watches. I don't know how expensive your costume jewelry is, but I would try an inexpensive piece first.
pentax remote cama looking remote anyone know work ist digital slrs	yes it does or at least I use this one here. Its small, but works well. You have to set your camera to trigger from it but thats easy. You select "Remote" in the same menu where you select the self timer ( the Fn button on the back of my *ist DS) Pentax Remote Control F for Pentax Digital Cameras
clean harmonicas	If you can completely submerse a harmonica in water I don't see why it wouldn't .
clean sterling silver jewlery	Yes, I have cleaned sterling silver jewelry with the "soap" that it used in these machines, not the silver cleaner that can be used in the machine.
see cleans dentures true false please elaborate long dentures typically cleaned	hello. i don't have dentures to check if it works. i use it for tattoos products and it is a very good in cleaning.
cordless	No, it has a cord.
popped tattoo supplies would able sanitize properly	Doubt it..it just vibrates at a high frequency so it jars dirt from whatever you put in it...tat artists sanitize using a pressure cooker or something like that..or just new gear. Hope this helps.
good afternoon lens helps used camera dsc h2	Hi Zeus, The VCL-DH1758 was designed for the H1 and H2 series cameras and will work very well for you. It can also be used on any camera that has 58mm threads. 
use adapter need africa	I'm not sure for the adapter part. I think it has the country listing on the lid or in the manual. I would just bring them all to be honest. As for how to use it it is just plug and play. The adapter slides over the plug and you plug it into the wall socket then you plug you device into the transformer.
clean retainers	It will clean a retainer, but if the retainer has glued parts, I would monitor and be conservative about its use.
cannot used hair straighteners different	Hair Straightners product too much heat.
unit come c e andor g plug types	It was a gift so I am not sure
use china	The countries are listed on the lid. See photo
converter work using cpap machine	As long as you observe CPAP electric current draw demands made on the converter, the CPAP should work.
simran dual wattage converter 50w1875 sm1875 used ipad charger	It converts 220 volt alternating current to 110 volt alternating current (what we have in the US). If you have an ipad charger that is designed to plug in to the wall in the US then yes, it can be used. READ and UNDERSTAND the instructions.
cleaner d3800a primarily jewelry cleaner model cleaning mouthguards	Unknown......never used it for a mouthguard
compatible sony vaio pcv rs530g	You will have to go to crucial.com
compatible compaq d510 cmt compaq 07e8h circuit board	No, Not compatable with the one I got. The Compaq D510 CMT uses DDR synch Dram Pc2100 at 266Mhz. Mine was Crucial 2 GB Kit (2 x 1GB) DDR PC3200 UNBUFFERED NON-ECC 184-PIN DIMM
compatible apple powerpc g5 desktop	According to several chat rooms...yes. see: http://www.crucial.com/usa/en/ct2kit12864z40b
need jerusalem	I have no clue. I would Google the area and see what they use. But I would strongly advise you to buy a different converter
would work xbox 360	I'm sure it would but if you read my review the unit burnt out as soon as I plugged it into the wall and the fuse never blow. So I wouldn't plug my PS4 into one of these
compatible compaq pressario sr1320nx	Your machine takes PC3200 RAM and need to have them in patched pairs so It looks like this RAM is compatible.
first time buying ram compatible compaq sr1750nx	Your computer comes configured with 1GB memory installed. The memory cards installed are 2x512 MB. Your computer can handle up to 4GB. Yes, this memory will work and I would recommend buying 2 kits to get you to the max memory.
single dual sided chips one surfaces	Single sided. Worked perfect. Very happy with purchace.
new memory modules	Yes, brand new in sealed packages. Work great.
I convinced genuine crucial modules amazon sells ones crucial $5199 crucials website	They are labeled Crucial and preform well. Doubt they are counterfeit as Amazon would not knowingly allow their sale. Manufacturers often prefer not to compete with their dealers who often generate large sales volumes.
compatible a8nsli premium	Not sure, but I went to www.crucial.com to find the specific ram for my PC!
compatible d90 mentioned product description	It is. I have a D90 and I use this charger.
old d50 dslr charger going work original battery came camera	Yes, this is the stock battery charger for your D50 camera.
compatible nikon d300s camera battery	I don't know about the D300 but it did work on my old D50.
compatible imac g5	No.
wanted know nikon mh18a quick charger enel3 series batteries power cord designed 110240v	Yes, it is universal voltage
oem nikon product	Yes
would charger also work nikon digital camera d70s box chord box says nikon quick charger mh18a	As long as the D70S uses a en-el3e battery, it should work
charger work ireland	I don't know, but, in my experience this charger works very good in USA and when I went to South America (where the electric power is 220V) and Taiwan (Asia, their electric power is 110V) it works perfectly too, hope my answer can be helpful to you!
charger come power cord	Yes.
charger works country us	It is a global charger, but you may have to buy a cable for the country of intended use. I would contact Nikon directly.
wide nylon webbing without plastic lock	1 inch wide, 21 inches long (without the plastic part)
long straps total length inches	22 inches
work enel3e nikon d300s	I'm sorry, I can't help you with that question. Rich
sony mdr7506	i do not know what the question is, but, the straps worked well enough to hold my manfrotto tripod and manfrotto ball head to the bottom of my manfrotto camera back pack, which the items that it was holding was about 5 lbs. i do hope this answers your questions, if not, then do please feel free to contact me again.
saw several reviews saying works edge 500 edge 200 seems work several bike adapters work	The Garmin Edge 200, 500, and 800 (and many other Garmin products, for that matter) share the same rear mounting fixture.
garmin quick release garmin 0101061500 quickrelease mounting kit compatible 910xt want buy quick release one 310xt I sure need get new one compatible 910xt	Ugh. Really annoying because the reason why I found this amazon item was by searching Amazon for "010-11215-03", and this was the one and only result. Now I see that that part number appears nowhere on the page. Thanks.
&iquestcan use device garmin 500	Yes, it'll work with a Garmin 500. I this mounting kit all the time to go running with my Garmin 500. I also used the other mounting bracket to mount my Garmin on another bike.
hello works edge 800	It should, as long as the mounting cleat is the same as with the Edge 500. (which I believe it is)
works garmin 910 xt device	No
use 310 xt	Yes
compatible 310xt	No. I bought this hoping that it was, but it is not. Look at the long rectangular piece, that snaps around the watch. This is made for the older models. The one that goes with the 310XT is orange and gray. If you get that one, it works GREAT.
work 510	I'm not sure. I don't have a 510. It is a standard Garmin quarter turn type if that helps.
dimensions	Collapsed and in their case they are; 2in X 3 in X 5 in.
frequency particular model operate checking compatibility current mixer thanks	926-928
could 4 year old little boy use	Yes
diopter adjustment adjustable focus one side independent center focus	Yes they do .. I never realized that until now. Man, these things just keep getting better. You can't beat these for the price. We use ours CONSTANTLY and I am sooooo glad we bought two pairs.
type warranty remanufactured unit	I purchased this item nearly 3 years ago. Never had a problem with it, so I cannot specifically address the warranty issue.
told adapters tv stereo tv adapter 5 times big stereo help	I don't recall two adapters. I use the earphones with my Bose Wave. Since the red and white leads don't work on the Bose I have an adapter that I plug the red and white leads into and the output from that is the same an earbud jack. You can probably pick one up at Radio Shack for a nominal amount.
work audio computer musical keyboard range rachim	They will work with anything that has a standard 3.5mm or 6.35mm audio jack (6.35 with incl. adapter).
use computer along wireless keyboard mouse cordless phone desk	I think you should be fine.
use rs 110 second headphone using one transmitter wife wants headset	I cannot answer from experience, but it seems to me that you might be able to. The transmitter is not a 2-way device, as far as I can tell, so it does not know how many headphones are receiving. Of course maybe the headphone is matched to the transmitter to avoid interference if you have 2 separate sets (in the same way a garage door opener is matched to a transmitter in your car through a unique cod).
hello rechargeable batteries work device charge	Any kind of rechargeable AAA batteries work with this. You remove the batteries to charge them per the battery manufacturer's instructions.
could someone clear version currently sold directly amazon 2x 80mm fan version	No it is not, I bought one about a month ago and had to return it because it only had the side fan.
supply fit thermaltake element q vl52021n2u case upgrade power supply came case	no ...other case totally but did have a thermaltake in it with dual fans front to back. hope that helps
include base item headphone	It is the complete thing. Base and headphones. My husband really likes the unit.
quiet	Well I don't have any way to measure the db level. I admit it was noticably quieter than the power supply that originally came with the PC.
processor still factory unopened box	AMD ADA4800DAA6CD, Tray/ Bulk pack including AMD Original fan. AMD authorized dealer. Most orders shipped same day
providing original 4800 retail box unused cpu original heat sinkfan simply oem processor	Sorry This listing is for CPU only .. Thanks for your question
unit work wifi radio	I never tried it, but if the transmitter will plug into the radio, I should think it will work.
interested buying one	AMD quad core is going for $154, how you can sell old Athlon dual for 250. i am looking for one, but for not more than $50, with $250 i can buy Quadcore and motherboard and replace both.
blank r tdk dvds black packaging white tops metallic tops	They are blank, silver. No irritating lines which is one reason I like the TDK brand. The most important reason is that I have never had a bad burn...except when I screw up :)
made japan	I did a web search and found that they are manufactured in Japan, Taiwan, and Luxemburg. So, whatever you buy, your guess is as good as mine as to origin. Here's a web site that gives country of origin for various DVDs: http://www.digitalfaq.com/reviews/dvd-media.htm
put music	I never have, but I heard that you can put music on it or data too,but these are not rewritable disc.
tdk dvds inkjet printable	No, these discs are not "printable". I've sold all 7 packs that I had available on ebay. Thanks, Jack
printers work print dvds	sorry i dont use these dvd t with printers i ise them with dvd recorders where i record a show from my dvr to the dvd. i have a dvd recorder if you have any other questions please ask
made japan	No, says made &#8203;&#8203;in china
rercord disc's	Yes No problem recording
video capacity the47 gb dvd	If you use a DVD format (i.e. Video TS with IFO,VOB, etc.) you can burn a 4300MB DVD-5. If you use other formats (e.g. AVI, MKV, WMV, etc.) you can fill the DVD to capacity with multiple files.
anyone tried wii anyone tried wii	This card works fine with Wii and costs over $60 less than the 2GB SD card available at retail outlets that does the same thing but has the word "Wii" etched on it.
2 cards package	No, only one card.
put music sd card	Office Depot sells an Xtra-Drive which is a USB based shell in effect that you can just slip your SD card in a slot, then plug it in and drag and drop or copy using My Computer. All you need is a front panel USB port. Works wonders. The adapter costs about 7-10 bucks. I forget exactly.
compatible canon sd 630 really want know product compatible canon sd 630 camera	If you find out if it is compatible with Canon SD 630 Power Shot, please let me know. Thanks.
memory card 20 gb works hp camera	I don't know but I only listen to music
compatible palm tx ordered palm tx wondering use sandisk 20 gb memory card	This is just to let anyone know, i have this same card for my Palm TX and my Canon SD1000. I can take the card from my Canon and view the pics on my Palm without a problem. It works in bot cameras fine. The Palm TX also works great as an ebook reader, and you can fit tons of books on one 2GB SD card.
anyone used nikon d40 d40x wondering works okay nikon d40 d40x	I have been using SanDisk SDSDH-2048-901 2 GB Ultra II . Works great. Holds around 200 images in raw.
hi would like know specific sd card stock want sdhc card format	yes, it is SD 2GB , in stock ..
neon lights around unit	Well, if you're looking for flashing lights, you won't find them here. However, the lights around the front of the Jukebox are nice, soothing old fashioned neon look. I like the look.
card work kodak dx4530 camera	It worked in my Canon camera. I'm not sure about your Kodak. Maybe you can check your manual.
play mp3 cd player	I don't think so. No external connections that I have seen.
power inputoutput definitions written back label input volts hz output volts	Here is the information I copied off the back of my Crosley Jukebox CD player. Frequency Range: FM 87.5-108MHz and AM 525-1710KHz; Power Consumption 25W; Power Source AC 120V-60Hz. Hope that helps!
measurements jukebox one info detail says 142 inches height says 19	My Jukebox CD player is 14"...not 19"! Unless there are 2 different sizes available for purchase.
place put earphones	No!
unit hung wall instead table top	No it can't. I still LOVE my purchase and use it everyday.
memory card come plastic protective case	Mine did, but it was a while ago and a different seller is listed. I'd try sending msg directly to the seller to ask.
size dimensions	It isn't very large (I'm not at home to measure). It sits on my desk, so....maybe 18" tall or so, by maybe 10 wide, and 5 or 6 deep. It lights up, does not flash like a "real" jukebox, and only plays a single CD at a time. Controls for radio are underneath the fake record listing above the CD player.
way connect usb play music adapter something way listen songs usb	No, there isn't. At least not on mine. Maybe they will make a newer model that has blue-tooth capability?
already oldies songs programmed jukebox many programmable 20track memory mean	There is no music of any kind programed into this jukebox. By "programed" they simply mean that you can make the tracks on your CD play in any order you want.
dimensions inside case	Not sure but it fits standard record albums
holds 12 vinyls right	Yes, it does.
latch securely stay latched carrying around handle	Yes! Mine latches fine, the backside of the lid does come un hooked though if the front is not latched, all closed up you should be good as long as your not swinging and throwing it.
many records could fit solid 30 like says	30 would fit but it would be tight
cd's included jukebox	No.
internal dimensions specifically depth	I'm sorry but I don't know. It was a gift to a friend.
2gb kit 2 x 1gb ddr pc27will duel memory 1 gb ea fit acer 5000 aspire 5004 turon64 windows xp machine 512 512 slot	I could not find that specific Acer computer on the Crucial site. It helps to know if it is a desktop, notebook or netbook computer.
would work dell dimension 2400series	Yes, they will work just fine with the Dell Dimension 2400. As a matter of fact, that's what I bought the memory for :)
wonder someone confirm depth thickness stated 68 inches would suitable carryon airlines	The depth is correct. When you lift the front latch to open the case the entire top will come off, so I would be careful.
work hp pavillion a1130n	Nirav, Crucial's website recommends a different part # than this one, but all the specs on it are the same as this one so it should work.
01282015 sell kits $2061 less half everyone else selling including newegg $5900	demand and supply
work hp pavilion a450n	You need PC3200. This is PC2700. Don't short yourself the speed. But if it is a fitment you were worried about yes it would fit.
work w compaq presario sr1303wm pays returns restocking ect	I learned the hard way that RAM is very system dependent. I really don't know if it will work with your computer or not, so I would suggest before buying, check with the vendor you'll be purchasing from. 
size vinyl case hold 33 lp 45's thanks help	This case is for LP's. It is pretty heavy duty and will protect your records while traveling. 
would work mac g5 2x 2ghz 6 open slots would need three kits take 672mb	not work in MAC G5, sorry
chips low density high density	do not know, sorry
use mac g5 dual 2ghz 12 year old mac	Unfortunately, no. The G5 needs DDR PC3200 memory. Also, you may want to check and see if the existing memory you have is ECC or non-ECC. You can't mix and match them. Here is a link to Crucial to check for the correct memory type http://www.crucial.com/store/listparts.aspx?model=Power%20Mac%20G5%20(Dual%202.0GHz%20DDR2)&Cat=RAM Good luck
compatible windows 7	Yes it is.
keybaord light caplocks number locks know engaged	it does. they are located in the upper left corner above the numeric keys. the only difference between this and a standard keyboard is that the numbers and function sections have been placed on the left. in every other way, it is just like a regular keyboard.
country origin kbds8861xpubv2 left handed keyboard	mine's made in taiwan
work mac	I use a HP, I don't know. Very sorry. But I am in love with mine. KG
external antenna anyone know product accepts external antenna purchase onewhat specifications adapter plugin type etc	no it does not have an external anttena but the waas and the 10 or so satellites do not drop signal at all its made for the forest and deep canyons. well i have used my eterx vista hcx for 7 months now and no dropped coverage at all or frezzing up its good get it
kind switch wonder kind cherry switch dsi keyboard uses blue black red	This uses cherry mx red switches. (Source: I bought mine thinking it would come with blues)
cables necessary need cables connect hddvd player mainly home theater use	If you want to watch HD DVDs you need either an HDMI cable like this, or what's called a 'component video' cable plus audio cables. HDMI is cheaper, easier to use, carries both video and audio, and gives you the full benefit of your HD DVD player. Bottom line: use an hdmi cable with your new player.
ethernet cable well	I have bought this one. It is only HDMI.
audiovideo cables going serve purposes	Yes, the HDMI cable carries both video and audio from the player to the TV.
need help info hdmi ok whole thing new alot people alaska know kind stuff wondering info exactly hdmi cable plug	It's a cable that carries both the HD video and audio from a video source to a digital TV. Look up "HDMI" at wikipedia, it will provide a wealth of info. Also, the i & p in 1080i and 1080p refer to "interlaced" and "progressive".
trying connect laptop tv ideas	I purchased a "Coax SVGA Monitor Cable Hddb 15m" for $16.35+6.17 shipping+$22.52 I got the 25ft to reach from my TV to my couch but they have shorter in feet. All you do is plug one end into the TV, and the other into the laptop. (mine is male to male ends) Set the source button on your TV to "VGA", turn on your laptop, wait for the signal to come through and your are good to go.
new dvd recorder 15 yo tv help	I bought the same unit.........and confused what cable to get. I am hooking this up to a Sony Bravia HDTV 720P .......I want the capability to record in HD, and not sure what HDMI cable to get with all the price differences.
1080p cable display 1080p	Yes. I get perfect 1080p pictures with this cable between my Samsung BluRay DVD player and my Samsung 46" LCD HDTV.
hey wondering product work monitor like sneeze marks alot stuff screen help	this is the best stuff yet if anything is going to work this will take your time with it it may take several applications to clean the screen its worth a try nothing to loose
cables vs component cables ideas	I purchased 1.3a category 2 certified 28AWG 6 ft hdmi cables through monoprice that work equally well with the Steren gold-tipped video cables provided by my cable company.
hows stuff work guys come micro fiber cloth	Works great! And it does come with the cloth. I recommend it.
sprayed solution directly onto flatscreen 48 samsung tv mistake screen distorted red green lines help	get a damp cloth rag water only and it should get the residue off
see v955 v995 features better	I have the V955 it works GREAT. I do not know anything about the V995.
hello need know maximun distance detection thanks	It depends on the terrain...on a flat surface I have picked up KA band about 1 mile away. Generally speaking, you'll usually start to hear slight beeps at about a mile and steadier beeps as you get closer.
access gps signals	No it doesn't
detect ku radar used europe	No. Detects Ka and K. (along with X and Laser).
cordless radar detector uses battery	No. Coiled cord for power. No battery.
anyone know difference beltronics v940 v955 appear specs	The V955 has a phew more settings but the radar detection is the same
description says detects ku beltronic's website says correct	No it doesn't, it detects k, ka, x, & pop frequencies
well unit filter newer car's kx band adaptive cruise control older model goes constantly commute	It does not go off with the cruise control but still picks up K/X band signal.
earphone jack	No. Only one - for power cord.
get 1080p 120hz refresh rate anyone help	Hi Ronald, thank you for your interest in Cables To Go products. I am a Cables To Go employee and have checked with my techincal services team to confirm that our 2m Velocity HDMI cable will support 1080p at 120Hz refresh rate. 
cables necessary need cables connect hddvd player mainly home theater use	If you want to watch HD DVDs you need either an HDMI cable like this, or what's called a 'component video' cable plus audio cables. HDMI is cheaper, easier to use, carries both video and audio, and gives you the full benefit of your HD DVD player. Bottom line: use an hdmi cable with your new player.
cables cables hdmiso many pick determine hdmi cables get best	Did you go with the TX-SR606? I got it a few months ago and love it. It's a bit large but it handles all audio formats, so I'm happy with it. With HDMI cables (as with speaker cables) name brand means nothing. You will save a bundle if you just go with the cheapest ones you can find.
audiovideo cables going serve purposes	Yes, the HDMI cable carries both video and audio from the player to the TV.
need help info hdmi ok whole thing new alot people alaska know kind stuff wondering info exactly hdmi cable plug	It's a cable that carries both the HD video and audio from a video source to a digital TV.
need replace car adapter	order it online
trying connect laptop tv ideas	I purchased a "Coax SVGA Monitor Cable Hddb 15m" for $16.35+6.17 shipping+$22.52 I got the 25ft to reach from my TV to my couch but they have shorter in feet. All you do is plug one end into the TV, and the other into the laptop. 
cables cables hdmiso many pick determine hdmi cables get best	Did you go with the TX-SR606? I got it a few months ago and love it. It's a bit large but it handles all audio formats, so I'm happy with it. With HDMI cables (as with speaker cables) name brand means nothing. You will save a bundle if you just go with the cheapest ones you can find.
cables vs component cables ideas	I purchased 1.3a category 2 certified 28AWG 6 ft hdmi cables through monoprice that work equally well with the Steren gold-tipped video cables provided by my cable company. The cable guy told me they are equivalent, and I would agree with that after having compared them myself.
1080p cable display 1080p	Yes. I get perfect 1080p pictures with this cable between my Samsung BluRay DVD player and my Samsung 46" LCD HDTV.
get 1080p 120hz refresh rate anyone help	Hi Ronald, thank you for your interest in Cables To Go products. I am a Cables To Go employee and have checked with my techincal services team to confirm that our 2m Velocity HDMI cable will support 1080p at 120Hz refresh rate.
cables cables hdmiso many pick determine hdmi cables get best	Did you go with the TX-SR606? I got it a few months ago and love it. It's a bit large but it handles all audio formats, so I'm happy with it. With HDMI cables (as with speaker cables) name brand means nothing. You will save a bundle if you just go with the cheapest ones you can find.
cables necessary need cables connect hddvd player mainly home theater use	If you want to watch HD DVDs you need either an HDMI cable like this, or what's called a 'component video' cable plus audio cables. HDMI is cheaper, easier to use, carries both video and audio, and gives you the full benefit of your HD DVD player.
ethernet cable well	I have bought this one. It is only HDMI.
audiovideo cables going serve purposes	Yes, the HDMI cable carries both video and audio from the player to the TV.
need help info hdmi ok whole thing new alot people alaska know kind stuff wondering info exactly hdmi cable plug	It's a cable that carries both the HD video and audio from a video source to a digital TV. Look up "HDMI" at wikipedia, it will provide a wealth of info. Also, the i & p in 1080i and 1080p refer to "interlaced" and "progressive". 
new dvd recorder 15 yo tv help	I bought the same unit.........and confused what cable to get. I am hooking this up to a Sony Bravia HDTV 720P .......I want the capability to record in HD, and not sure what HDMI cable to get with all the price differences.......DId anyone tell you which one to get?
trying connect laptop tv ideas	I purchased a "Coax SVGA Monitor Cable Hddb 15m" for $16.35+6.17 shipping+$22.52 I got the 25ft to reach from my TV to my couch but they have shorter in feet. All you do is plug one end into the TV, and the other into the laptop. 
1080p cable display 1080p	Yes. I get perfect 1080p pictures with this cable between my Samsung BluRay DVD player and my Samsung 46" LCD HDTV.
pogramar spanish language used product	It comes in Spanish/English version. It's in the settings
hi viper 3305v alarm system would compatible alarm system purchase viper 516l programmable voice system thanks	Actually, this is compatible with any alarm. You install this one with the "ground when armed" wire which detects when you disarm or arm the alarm.
headphone jack	No headphone jacks
record warning messages factory messages say	Cant record your own warnings. And i have mine set to VIPER warnings because i have VIPER alarm/decal/ flashing viper ADD ON placed on front windshield. 
purchase replacement wire harness power supply	An auto stereo place might have a compatible harness..
screen default blueblack upon signal loss	As I remember it goes to blue. If it is important, I can check for you. I can be reached at srstanec@earthlink.net
work alarm system also programmable voice	Hi Christal it will work with any alarm that already has a siren. You will not be able to program different voices to it , that is another module that is extremley hard to find its only availble in the Asian market as far as I know. Hope this helps you. Have a great day.
come mount car headrest	no headrest
one know aspect ratio distorted resolution 1440 x 234	I don't know, but I use the unit with a rear view camera on my motorhome, and it works great without any distortion.
bluray player want use play audio music however need small tv monitor control &amp navigate settings work	If your blu Ray connects through A/V cables, and does not require the screen to be touch screen then it will.And you would still need a power source
dslr	I don't understand your question, sorry. This item is a 7" video monitor as used for displaying backup camera images or other video inputs from a variety of sources. It uses RCA video input plugs. "DSLR" as in Digital Single Lens Reflex Cameras?? Say what?
replace monitor gone headrest	I would think so if the hole is the same size. I bought the monitor to set up a back up cam on my tractor. It comes with a plastic back that you mount then snap the monitor into A pretty slick setup actually.
power supply current necessary	The screen uses 12 Volt DC at 1.5 Amps. The transformers to provide this are easily accessible at any electronics stor.
monitor another video output want connect second monitor	Yes you can or you can use a splitter and do three that's how I have it and it plays fine for me good luck with yours
pictures show wired set wireless set please confirm wired wireless	The Macally Quick Switch Bluetooth keyboard can use either bluetooth (use buttons to switch paired device) or USB (one USB device at a time). Be careful which reviews you read as Amazon doesn't differentiate between this and the older bluetooth keyboard from Macally
switching devices disconnect one reconnect stay connected device	You have to connect the keyboard to your computer using a code; once connected it will remain connected to that device without having to reprogram it. I have had my keyboard lose it's connection once in two years where I have had to re-pair it, but that is all.
durable keyboard needs hold extreme use maybe minor liquid spills	It still works, but it still sticks on random keys from time to time. I wouldn't buy it again
work 2003 imac pedestal	iMac Pedestal - aka "the snowball" used USB keyboards and mice, which is what the Macally slim keyboard/mouse is.
many buttons mouse	It kind of looks like one big button but this is a two button mouse. I've used it on both Macs and Windows PCs. You get the "right-click" behavior without using the control key.
connects mac using ongoing usb port right	YES.
connects mac using ongoing usb port right	Yes.
could motor replace one worn 2002 rav4 door lock actuator	This is a universal door lock that has two wires, it works by reversing the polarity of the wires. If you can find the wires on your vehicle that will do this then it is a matter of setting it up on the lock linkage to lock and unlock.
work 1 laptop pc would wired laptop bluetooth 3 devices would 3 imac computers	I used this on an ancient MacBook from 2005 (Power PC?) via USB. No Bluetooth involved. I still use it that way on my newer MarBook.
custom made steel frame door building need lock besides 12v dc power supply else would need mimic car	The unit uses a circuit which switches polarity to lock and unlock. This can be done using relays. Make sure your 12v power supply has enough amperage
actuators stronger reliable cheaper dla110 actuators spending money reason	I don't know anything about the DLA110 but these are very strong and I have used then about a year without any issues, as strong as day one.
keyboard usb 20 10 ports	Two
actuator driver's side	It can be used in all doors ofm the car.
recommended controller &amp remote particular actuator want wirelessly control keyless type remote	This unit is just wired in place of the existing lock. You mount this between the door frame and the interior door panel. After it's mounted you cut the wiring going to the old lock and wire this in its place. It works the same as your old lock did, no other controller or remote used.
work 2002 mercedes ml320	i am not an expert but i will work because it has a strong motor sistem
also work 08 chevy malibu	It should, I installed it on a 09 Saturn Aura with no problem.
couls someone tell far travel	It's throw is around an inch. But when it throws the armature it pushes past by around 1/4" the returns to a resting place of approx. 1". It doesn't push very far since most car door locks only require around 1" to unlock. And lock. If you'd like I can measure the actual distance between lock and unlock including the furthest push and tightest pull then the relaxed state of each as well.
much voltage ampere supply 12v 15a power supply enough supply	Yes, you are all set, thats totally ok.
someone tell mount use without connecting alarm system intend utilize deterent	Yes is can be mounted but there is no mounting hardware provided when purchased. To use it, a direct current (DC) power supply will be needed the voltage of which must be between probably 5 or ten volts minimum and 24 volts maximum - the higher the voltage the louder the sound.
like sound installed alarm car siren police fire trucks etc heard device sound	Sorry i sold my car but this alarm did good its small but really loud sounds like a actually alarm instead of police sirens and fire trucks i had sirens like the one you was describing but this one was great
anyone notice actuator throttles one direction suspect mine defective way getting contact seller	No
voltage	The voltage is up to about 18 volts I recall; the higher the voltage the louder the tone. One probably would be happy with the sound level obtained with 12 volts. I tested it but have not installed it yet. I either never had any instructions or have misplaced them.
connect existing vehicle alarm system hot wire always	I had best buy install mine and Best buy when they installed my viper 5901 alarm. If you call them and ask im sure they will tell you. They didnt mind getting at all
hi horn connected small 12 volt battery switch press	Yes it can.
weather proof	I highly doubt that it is weather proof, to be honest my review was misguided. The mini siren is LOUD ! It will surely alert the neighbors, however after running for approximately 15-20 minutes when tripped it died, only a small squeak emitted from it. Next time I believe I will go with the motorized siren. That is only about $8.00 more but it is constructed of metal and has great reviews last time I looked. I do not like to give a bad review , but I am being honest. Save your money with this one.
maximum current consumption siren 12v	1.21 Gigawatts.
want plug electric wall socket triggered alarm type 12v adapter need use 12v charger cordl	I didn't know what kind of power was required; I hadn't installed it; my plan at the time of my purchase to use it was faulty.
possible attach item electrical light sensor outside house light comes siren would also activate	Short answer, yes. Just wire it up like how you would a light bulb; make sure to add a resistor, this thing only take 12volts DC only.
work valet 561r lost original remote	yes it will. i purchased two 473t remotes one to keep as a spare.
old remote dei474p prn473p remote replace	yes
connect standard wall plug want plugged switcher activate sort like panic button house	Not as-is. It runs on 12v DC like a car battery. You would need to use a 12v DC transformer "power brick" to change the 120V AC coming from your wall outlet down to a usable voltage.
remote 2005 chevy malibu	I purchased the Valet remote as my expedition has the valet system, and I am very pleased with the replcement remotes. If your chevy has the Valet security system then this is a good investment as they come with full installation instructions and with my system I didn't need to buy anything else. hope this helps.
doanyone know works 07 ford mustang lost original	It depends on the model of alarm you have from DEI ELECTRONICS. If your looking to replace the factory ford remote, it will not replace it.
would work 2001 mazda 626	This is for Directed Electronics products and would not necessarily work on a Mazda without any DE products.
work 2009 dodge caliber	The design of the remote control case is what I purchased, only the case. The remote control for my 1996 GMC Yukon has the same design. I purchased this devise as a replacement case only, it had no internal parts only the case.
work 1998 lexus 300es comes battery	It works for DEI alarms systems. Viper, Rattler and others. It comes with batteries.
ok bunch questions haha upload differant sounds computer	No, it has a microphone on it that you have to speak into or play a recorded message into. I took my button apart so I would not hear the clicking of the button in the recorded message as it is attach to the microphone...
work 473p also anyone know program manual program python alarm	Since the pyrhon is a DEI product it should work without issues. As for programming it's a series of pressing the valet push button on the alarm brain and switching the vehicle ignition.
compatible 2006 toyota corolla	Yes.... The question you should be asking is what kind of alarm is installed already? and is the alarm compatible? This PA system is an "add on" to your alarm system.
loud heard traffic chose sound anytime random need amp wires	It's loud, and you need to put the speaker outside the car.. Behind the grill of example so you can hear it better.. No wires and no amps.. It comes with everything you need to conect the alarm
anyone know works viper alarms I planning buying viper 5904v system want make sure works	Yes it does, it's just wires
please describe pre programmed voice warnings system without using voice sensors recommend	I have a viper 3 way alarm with this voice system, when you lock the doors it will say viper arm and when you unlock the doors it will say viper unarm. I also have the field detection so when someone comes to the window then the alarm will beep, with the voice it will say, viper arm stand back.
used outdoors warn trespassers perimeter breach detection weatherproof	yep
work ultra start u1561mxrlt	I have NO idea about that..... this one was for a 99 ford ranger.. thats all I know... you might want to ask an alarm/stereo center near you. Theyre the ones who told me this would work for the truck.... and it did!
loud pa function	Is reasonable loud,,,, you can adjust the volume i wanted louder, ,,, so i purchased an additional speaker and installed both ,,,,,i had to lower the volume a little because it was too loud.......
please want know able add work car alarm prestige 5bcr07pthank	You don't need this. don't waste u money ask u installer he will tell u the same thing .
need need buy complete system	Depends if you already have a viper alarm thats compatible with it if not then yes you will need the complete system
compatible viper 7141v remote easy program would need installer program	Not sure if it's compatible but if it was it would have to be programmed.
remote feb bulb light	No It Doesn't!
come program instructios	Yes
work replacement 2006 kia sedona	I'm sorry I only know it worked for my 2006 Kia Sportage, Good Luck
new dvd recorder 15 yo tv help	I bought the same unit.........and confused what cable to get. I am hooking this up to a Sony Bravia HDTV 720P .......I want the capability to record in HD, and not sure what HDMI cable to get with all the price differences.
program transmitter	Find your valet button in your car, Turn the ignition on & within 5 seconds press the valet button once then press and hold it. (LED should flash 1 to let you know you are in channel 1) Now press the * button on the remote. 
role 2 windows time one window time	Both at the same time.
anyone scion tc1 success 529 530 keeping autorollup feature	U need a different module. It's either the pulse times relay module like the 528t which I use on my Toyota sequoia to allow the windows to automatically roll up and down. It utilizes the driver door key to replicate the windows going up or down.
work viper 5704v 2012 toyota fj cruiser 2 front windows need module need one module	It will work if you want to only roll them in one direction, however the 530 will work for two windows up and down and is more appropriate for the install you are talking about
transmitter compatible hornet 474t 266 codesthanks	This remote is for a DEI system. It may work but not sure.
compatible viper 3305v need two 4 windows right	Yes you would need 2
fit 20089 excalaberdei believe	Depends.... If you have an aftermarket dei system that it is compatible with then yes. I'm not too sure about factory systems
compatible 474t set thanks	It is compatible.. directions are pretty vague, i went to an alarm shop and they set it up for me no problem.
batteries used take regular batteries battery pack charged electrically	My recollection is that it had a lithium-ion battery in the unit but the remote used 2 regular (AAA?) batteries. 
replacementcar adapter coby tfdvd7050 order	did you ever get an answer as where to buy one? i am also looking for one. thanks! vicky
black white picture anyone suggestions settings solutions	I bought two of these as christmas presents for my children and I have the same problem with one of them.
remote compatible 474v remote viper alarm auto starter	not sure if it was a 474v, but I know it was a Viper alarm with auto starter and it's been working great.
portable hard drive plugged wall correct	Yes, it does.
persons buy want 4 window glass roll buy 8 moudles 4 thank	Just 4...
bluetooth keyboardmouse anyone know cable need use alphasmart 2000 laptop	No, this particular model uses 27 MHz wireless technology, which makes it cheaper to produce but not nearly as functional as bluetooth models. It has a wireless range of no more than six feet, making it unsuitable for applications such as WebTV that require performance over greater distances.
mouse work new batteries plugged appropriate places ideas	download logitech setpoint from their website and install.
cannot plug computer accepts usb cables	Your keyboard should have shipped with a USB receiver that looks like a small thumb drive. Plug that into one of the computer's USB ports.
work wii subject says work wii	Yes, it will. I bought this one specifically because I found it on a list of keyboards that did work with the wii.
firewire pc firewire connection work pc	As long as your PC has a firewire port it will. Since it doesn't use bus power, the firewire port can be 6 pin or 4 pin (like some laptops have).
drive spin	Yes, it spins down after being unused for around 10 minutes (maybe less).
lens work nikon d3300	Yes it will, because your camera is a DX format, and the lens is compatible with DX format Nikon cameras.
suitable nikon 3200	Yes
freezing mouse &amp keyboard anyone else find solution	I think you have to keep the mouse at least 8 inches away from any other electronic devices for it to work well. That may be the problem.
work nikon d5300	Yes
work nokia d3200	Yes
nikon d3000 lens fit camera	Yes
lens compatible d3100	Yes!
grey market mean lens made nikon nikon d5200 lens fit camera	No, this is a nikon lense, I have bought this lense and was very pleased! And it depends if it'll fit your camera, the lense is a DX format, so if your camera is a DX format then it will work for your camera! And I looked up your camera and it is a DX format!
nikon 1 j1 adapter different lenses typically compatible camera work camera	http://www.nikonusa.com/en_US/o/WBqMZFjDl2eU0uluIvskYJxzlYg/Misc/F-mount-compatibility-FT1.html
sensor stay security system disarmed led keeps blinking driving plus always activates cobra radar detector	Depends on the model of alarm you use. In the Viper 5904, the power is constantly applied to the sensor so that would be a problem. 
unit painted would decrease sensitivity device I heard au94tm work well sure	I would think a light coat of spray paint would be fine. Mine is under the plastic of my center console and works fine, so paint shouldn't matter. As long as it's not metallic or silver paint, of course.
exactly sensor work bestbuy install started getting false chirps	It may be set too sensitive. There are adjustment dials to adjust the sensitivity. The instructions explain how to adjust it.
functions adjustor	The adjuster to the left is for the outer range of the sensor. The right one is for the interior. You must adjust the inner first and then the outer because the outer increases both fields at the same time. Hope this helps.
installed cargo area cargo van	Hi Mike, yes this can be installed in the cargo area of your van as long as it's on the interior of your vehicle it will give you full range as.you set it for the exterior of your vehicle
technical information available integrate noncar application	Define "non-car application" if you would
work 2006 ford expedition system	Will work on any vehicle equipped with an aftermarket alarm.
would alarm goes park compact parking space	The only way the alarm would go off , ( through motion sensor alert not shock sensor or any other add on you may have) is if something as big as ur hand or bigger would to move next to the car ( Windows) it will send a warning alert which is 5 chirps, and is the ararm is alerted again whithin a short period of reset , a full alarm will be triggered
turning clockwise adjuster make detector sensitive opposite manual state	There are two sensors, one for the inner zone and one for outer. Both if turned clockwise increases the sensitivity. However, an adjustment on one does affect the other if my memory serves me right.
work 60 gig ipod bought ipod 60 gig capacity video features want know altec lansing motion going work	Hi, I just received the IM7 in the mail today and I can confirm it works with the 60GB iPod quite nicely. :) Excellent sound for the price!
work ipod 30 video anyone know	Kate- Check out Altec Lansing's website - according to them, the iM7 has a 'universal dock' that accommodates any 'dockable iPod' - including the new iPod video. I think the product literature was printed before the video iPod came out, therefore its not being mentioned there. I have a 30Gig iPod video, and this is the speaker system I'm ordering for it - can't be beat for the price! Good luck!
lost remote battery please sharethe remote battery type model thanks	It is a single CR2025 battery.
iphone compatible im7 work iphone	I picked one up and agree with Chris Ward, it does play, and the remote works for it, but you cannot charge, nor close the door. Sounds great though!
work 8gb nano interested buying concerned says compatible 1gb nano order 2gb converter	Okay....I just called Altec Lansing (800-258-3288). I was advised that yes it would work but that there was no adapter (as of yet) for the ipod 8 GB nano.
im7 work itouch work itouch	No it won't. Unless you're able to get the Black version, which has an updated cradle/ dock
compare bose sounddock anybody heard side side	I haven't heard side by side by my next door neighbor has the Bose and I can tell you in my opinion the Altec blows his away. I would have gotten a Bose if I thought his sounded that good- but I went looking elsewhere. Turns out best is not only better but a heck of a lot less money!
im7 fit new ipods know new ipod classic fit im7	yes, definetely
work viper 5204v	Yes it works with any Viper alarms..
ipod 160 speakeas work new 160gb ipod	yes
printer hold tape types time	yes
turn print either way size labels print thx	Yes you can turn the printing on the labels in 90 degree increments by using the properties dialogue box--be sure you are active in the text box when you click on properties, then go to the advanced tab.
see model 69220 description technical details different model numberwhich shipped	Model #69220 was shipped.
color picture actual color printer black	grey in the front, black the rest
printer wirelessly	No
door issue anyone else problem door issue reviewers talking	I used it 4 times and my doorwon't shut. Our local Radio Shack had it happen to 3 units on display. What did you do to have it fixed?
grey market	It's legal selling but they say it's unintended or unofficial selling through the original manufacturer.
stack two puppies mac mini usb expansion ports two belkin units working	Your Mac mini should have 4 USB3 ports and 1 800 FireWire port. For USB, the answer should be yes, 2 ports on the Mac mini (1 used for each hub).
connect firewire port macbook plug usb devices use usb ports working	No - this is only a pass through - sorry
got used get copy manual checked belkin website thanks	We suggest calling Other World Computing at 1-800-275-4576.
work firewire usb adapter objective use mac mini four usb ports nonfunctional due acdc connection overcharge connect keyboard mouse pendrives etc thanks	No, this won't work for you. It does not allow USB to FireWire. They are separate hubs in this device.
keyboard keys allow adjust brightness screen apple keyboard thank	No it does not have the brightness keys, or several others on the Apple keyboard. It does have volume control though
sites says 102 108 work 109	I am now using my IKEYS USB keyboard with 10.10.
keys quiet	Not really.
tell macally ikey5 usb slim keyboard compatable apple mac	Yes, it is very compatible with the Apple Mac. Swift and precise plug and play.
key difference imac keyboard seems missing top row f16f19 keys never used correct	The modifier keys are the only difference. The Control, Command and Alt keys are often in different positions. Zoom in and take a look. They still work and usually can be modified to suit your needs. The F keys are the same, actually.
cable channels	This only pulls in off-air channels
need external power source hi anyone answer whether antenna needs plugged power source use	Current for the amp (located on antenna) is carried by the cable. The connector for this can be located anywhere over the length of the cable run. In my case, the antenna is in the attic and the current connection & power outlet for the transformer is located in the basement. Hope this helps.
amplifier built antenna amplifier built antenna thus needing outside power amplifier brought inside	Amp is in the antenna, but the preamp plugs in inside your house, and the power goes to the antenna using the standard coaxial cable.
far receive signals	I live near Cameron NC and receive channels from Raleigh, Wilmington and even one weather channel from Myrtle Beach, SC. Easy setup, had mine for about 2 years now and never had a problem with it. I also mounted my antenna in the upstairs of my garage so it would be out of the weather and works flawlessly! I will be installing one for my sister soon also. Pictures are very good and I probably receive about 30-40 channels including a couple Spanish channels as well.
antenna grounded roof mount grounded question base material made	It probably should be, but I didn't. I just unhook the coaxial connection from the antenna to the DVD recorder/TV. Also, I unplug all the electronics. Base material for actual antenna is plastic and metal, it has both.
disk cases	I wanted the disks in cases, but they are only the disks in paper sleeves
correct assume usb keyboard connects imac usb cable 2 usb slots devices plugins	Yes it does do both. I am using it now to write this and really like it.
many pictures put disc 47gb	It depends on how many pixels the pictures are.If you take 3 megapixal pics it will hold way moree then 12 megapixal pics.
use dvdr record music video	I have never attempted to record music on them.
dimensions sites seem vary say	The one I am typing on right now measures a little smaller than what is listed here. Product Dimensions: 19.6 x 8.3 x 1.4 inches ; 1.7 pounds Mine is 18.25 x 6.5 x 0.8 (legs extended = 1.3) inches. I hope this helps.
hi nd filters cokin p series fit z series thanks	No only Z filters. This holder is to wide.
use backup photos harddrive	I did not try that yet but I looked it up. Each disc has 4.7GB storage capacity for storing thousands of digital photos and up to six hours of video. I used them to record my videos and they worked great. I hope this helps.
vignette 16mm thanks	Hello! In my experience I believe that you will see some vignetting with anything wider than about 20mm with the Cokin Z-Pro. You may also want to look at the Formatt-Hitech 165mm Lucriot system. They are 165mm (6.5") standard filters with grads in 165x200 (6.5x8"). 
difference cokin p cokin z series cropped full frame camera lenses 52mm82 mm	P series is smaller and will only work if you plan to use your cropped camera.
right size canon 1740mm lens	You buy the adapter ring that fits your lens, and the filter holder slips over it.
long cord	I gave this keyboard as a gift and the cord is a little less than 3 ft. long. The touch for typing is very light and very quiet.
many space dvd 47gb whole 10 disc combined disc	Each disc
hold big stopper 10 nd 100 vs 100 mm	yes it doe's.
would come adapter 67mm tamron 1750 len	No, size rings are sold separately unless it states a size like 67mm
I afraid know answer filter fit massive nikon 1424 wide zoom keep seeing wonder pana answer thanks	I dont think it will, Lee makes a special holder and filters for the 14-24.
attach vinyl siding house	Yes it will attach to vinyl siding but you need to make sure the screws are anchored to the siding/house tightly. It does put a strain on whatever it is attached to.
size masonry screws require mount brick wall	I put mine in wood but I would assume the length of the screw would depend upon the thickness of the masonry and the weight the line would be required to hold. I would probably use 1-1/2 or 1-7/8
lengthen audio cord ideas	&gt; USB provides power and digital quality audio-- no other cables are necessary. This means that it only uses USB cables. So you have to find something to extend USB cables. You could use a USB hub or there are USB extension cables.
made	Sorry!, I don't know and I don't see anything in the product.
rebate one know happened recent june rebate product	I just e-mailed Amazon customer service (click "Help" and see "Contact Us"), and they sent me the rebate form in an hour or two.
speaker stands anybody recommend good looking sturdy functional speaker stands lsi9's	sound anchors http://www.soundanchors.com/prices.html
amplifier compatitible polk lsi9 speakers	Here are some brand suggestions: Parasound, NAD, Rotel, Adcom, Emotiva (eh..) Anything that is high current (45amps peak +) and puts out 150w @ 4ohms or better. Current is more important than wattage, remember that.
pair lsi9 nad 3020	Yes you can , it will sound good & In future if you decide to upgrade to a better & more powerful amp the LSi9's will reward you with even better sound.
run 4 ohm 8 ohm speakers time	You can mix impedance but you'll need to mess with levels to make sure they blend properly (although, you won't be able to overcome the different types of sound produced by the LSi's vs the TL350's). Regardless, your receiver just isn't up to par to properly drive your LSi9's.
amplifier compatitible polk lsi9 speakers	Here are some brand suggestions: Parasound, NAD, Rotel, Adcom, Emotiva (eh..) Anything that is high current (45amps peak +) and puts out 150w @ 4ohms or better. Current is more important than wattage, remember that.
pair lsi9 nad 3020	Yes you can , it will sound good & In future if you decide to upgrade to a better & more powerful amp the LSi9's will reward you with even better sound.
speaker stands anybody recommend good looking sturdy functional speaker stands lsi9's	sound anchors http://www.soundanchors.com/prices.html
run 4 ohm 8 ohm speakers time	You can mix impedance but you'll need to mess with levels to make sure they blend properly (although, you won't be able to overcome the different types of sound produced by the LSi's vs the TL350's). Regardless, your receiver just isn't up to par to properly drive your LSi9's.
connect strait tv	Nope. This speaker requires an amplifier to drive it. If you want a TV speaker system, you can search for "TV Sound Bar" or "TV Speaker Bar". You want either a speaker that is driven off USB power (and you provide the USB power, or use the TV's USB port), or a self powered speaker (with a power adapter).
wallceiling mounted	There's a couple of hanger holes about 7" apart for wall mounting. No provisions for ceiling mount.
would like increase distance speakers see extension cables 35mm malefemale connectors 35mm correct connector	No! it's not. If you insist to increase the distance between the two speakers you need to purchase a 2.5 mm male-female extension cord.
wattage capability	Per the owners manual for the RM6750 speaker system (the RM6752 is the center channel from that system), it states "Recommended Amplification: 20-100 Watts". See: http://www.polkaudio.com/downloads/manual/RM6750_MN.pdf
record sides call one	Both sides. Check your state law.
total 8 computers 8 phones would like record calls recordings get shared icloud individuals computer	They are recorded on each individual computer. The "DLI Personal Logger" program will have to be running on each computer in order for the calls to be recorded. One phone will be associated with one computer.
computer open recording plug mic slot computer	Ummmmm....Not sure I can answer your question. I have the device connected directly to my phone and digital answ device...not connected to a pc. Paul
work connect mac stored store things accessible format connect computersd cardcd	Ummmm...I really don't know that. I have it connected to a Sony digital recorder that is connected to my landline. I've tried many recorders over the years, and am extremely impressed with this one. I never tried connecting it to my pc.
much weigh	I have had this scope since 2007. As Rita mentioned above, the total telescope kit weighs 42 lbs. It is NOT 60 lbs, or 65 lbs, or 95 lbs. IIRC, the tripod weighs 19 lbs and the forks/scope weighs 23 pounds. Both pieces are VERY manageable. The forks/scope is much easier to handle than the equivalent Meade. Both of the Meade's handles are mid-way up the fork arms, but on the CPC the "handle" for the left fork arm is under the base of the arm and this makes it much more steady to move and mount on the tripod.
I new hobby recently received cpc 800 gift someone recommend buy magnify stars planets	I'd start with a good 2X Barlow lens. It doubles the mag of all your other eyepieces...
told get german equatorial mount one recommend scope fit taking pictures slr	You're not really going to find an equatorial mount for this scope. Your best bet with this scope is to get a wedge like this one. http://www.amazon.com/Celestron-CPC-Heavy-Duty-Wedge/dp/B0040GXO8K/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1385039107&sr=8-1&keywords=celestron+wedge
easydifficult would able use 2 eyepieces scope	It is quite easy... I purchased a 2" diagonal that attaches to the scope. Get a threaded one for SCTs. I purchased this one here on Amazon: SCT Quartz Dielectric Diagonal 2" by High Point. The threaded end attaches directly to the scope, and 2" eyepieces mount on the other end. It also came with a 2" to 1.25" adapter. Very easy to use and works perfectly.
cpc 8 release gears somehow aim use scope manually	Yes, there are two gear release knobs (one for horizontal movement and one for vertical). Just loosen them up to manually swivel the telescope. Also loosen them slightly during transportation to prevent the gears/motors from getting worn out from bouncing and jostling.
seeing color planets without photography	The eye is not very good in discerning colors when objects are dim, so don't expect to see Jupiter's red spot really red. But definitely you can see colors. You can even see Neptune much bluer than Uranus, for example. It also depends a lot on sky conditions.
want buy worried weight use handtruck move tripod scope one unit	in my opinion no, it's pretty heavy & hight, the best way to move them separately and mount them again at the desired location....
receive protective rubber tips heavy duty tripod	No .I bought Celestron Vibration Suppression Pads in instead
accessories need hook canon eos camera telescope	All you need is a 1.25 Camera T-Adapter AND T-Ring. Celestron makes these, you should see it in the "customers who bought this item also bought" section. If not, look for Celestron 1.25-inch Camera T-Adapter and you should find it.
keep line dragging putting clothes seem like locks place	It is very stable, it locks behind a hard plastic T that you wrap the taught line behind after you have extended it at your desired length
28300mm sigma lens compare new 18250 mm sigma lens advantages disadvantages	I have not used the 18-250,but if it functions as well as the 28-300mm I think you will be well satisfied. For A APS-C bodies Sigma makes a great lens.
work full frame camera's dx	I don't know.
would lens work nikon 40	it will work so long as you get the Nikon mount
sigma 70300mm 28300mm anyone suggestions one better quality andor worth buying	Don't fool around. Go with the 28-300mm. Less lens changes and it just the perfect walk around lens. I know, I've been shooting for 35 years.
work camera anyone know sure	Anyone has an idea whether the Sigma (28-300) is fully compatible with the Nikon D90
able autofocus nikon d60	In Nikon mount.This is Pentax and no
think work sony digital minolta slr right	as far as I know, the mounts are nikon and canon..
lense able auto focus nikon d60	The model you have flagged here clearly says for Canon mounts. You need the one for Nikon mounts. The Nikon version will work with autofocus on a Nikon camera and is a fantastic multipurpose lens.
work nikon d5200	Yes
work cordless handset	I use a cordless phone and this records conversations. This unit must be plugged into the wall phone jack. I have another phone jack near my computer that I use for the call recorder.
28300mm sigma lens compare new 18250 mm sigma lens advantages disadvantages	I have not used the 18-250,but if it functions as well as the 28-300mm I think you will be well satisfied. For A APS-C bodies Sigma makes a great lens.
work full frame camera's dx	I don't know.
would lens work nikon 40	it will work so long as you get the Nikon mount
work camera anyone know sure	Anyone has an idea whether the Sigma (28-300) is fully compatible with the Nikon D90
able autofocus nikon d60	In Nikon mount.This is Pentax and no
sigma 70300mm 28300mm anyone suggestions one better quality andor worth buying	Don't fool around. Go with the 28-300mm. Less lens changes and it just the perfect walk around lens. I know, I've been shooting for 35 years.
lense able auto focus nikon d60	The model you have flagged here clearly says for Canon mounts. You need the one for Nikon mounts. The Nikon version will work with autofocus on a Nikon camera and is a fantastic multipurpose lens.
think work sony digital minolta slr right	as far as I know, the mounts are nikon and canon..
work nikon d5200	Yes
hi item mounted camera sony a99 work properly autofocus automatic exposure flash may know size weight thanks	This lens was made by Sigma for Canon cameras only. I do not think it will be compatible with Sony products.
28300mm sigma lens compare new 18250 mm sigma lens advantages disadvantages	I have not used the 18-250,but if it functions as well as the 28-300mm I think you will be well satisfied. For A APS-C bodies Sigma makes a great lens.
work full frame camera's dx	I don't know.
sigma 70300mm 28300mm anyone suggestions one better quality andor worth buying	Don't fool around. Go with the 28-300mm. Less lens changes and it just the perfect walk around lens. I know, I've been shooting for 35 years.
would lens work nikon 40	it will work so long as you get the Nikon mount
work camera anyone know sure	Anyone has an idea whether the Sigma (28-300) is fully compatible with the Nikon D90
able autofocus nikon d60	In Nikon mount.This is Pentax and no
lense able auto focus nikon d60	The model you have flagged here clearly says for Canon mounts. You need the one for Nikon mounts. The Nikon version will work with autofocus on a Nikon camera and is a fantastic multipurpose lens.
think work sony digital minolta slr right	as far as I know, the mounts are nikon and canon..
one 4 holes front hood celestron says normal used setting glass screw goes hole anyone else	I dont have holes in the front hood ,send me a picture to layala1@yahoo.com to see
work nikon d5200	Yes
hi item mounted camera sony a99 work properly autofocus automatic exposure flash may know size weight thanks	This lens was made by Sigma for Canon cameras only. I do not think it will be compatible with Sony products.
sigma 70300mm 28300mm anyone suggestions one better quality andor worth buying	Don't fool around. Go with the 28-300mm. Less lens changes and it just the perfect walk around lens. I know, I've been shooting for 35 years.
28300mm sigma lens compare new 18250 mm sigma lens advantages disadvantages	I have not used the 18-250,but if it functions as well as the 28-300mm I think you will be well satisfied. For A APS-C bodies Sigma makes a great lens.
work full frame camera's dx	I don't know.
hi item mounted camera sony a99 work properly autofocus automatic exposure flash may know size weight thanks	This lens was made by Sigma for Canon cameras only. I do not think it will be compatible with Sony products.
would lens work nikon 40	it will work so long as you get the Nikon mount
think work sony digital minolta slr right	as far as I know, the mounts are nikon and canon..
work nikon d5200	Yes
lense able auto focus nikon d60	The model you have flagged here clearly says for Canon mounts. You need the one for Nikon mounts. The Nikon version will work with autofocus on a Nikon camera and is a fantastic multipurpose lens.
hi item mounted camera sony a99 work properly autofocus automatic exposure flash may know size weight thanks	This lens was made by Sigma for Canon cameras only. I do not think it will be compatible with Sony products.
review penelope says 2 two sides held together small piece velcro correct photo shows zippered closure	The 2 Units Holder is with VELCRO, The 6 Units is with ZIPPER ...
much protection usb thumb drives need use heavyduty ziplock bag holds dozen usb sticks	I would think a plastic bag would hold a certain amount of static and collect particles of dirt, lint or moisture, which isn't a good thing for your thumb drives. I really like these storage pouches because they are sturdy and keep everything clean and protected. I bought three of them and I can stack them to store away or grab one and take it with me. I recommend them.
cannot case shipped po box warning inside case indicating contains chemicals dangerous material	Hi Mark! Thank you for your inquiry! It is in our policy and contracts with carriers that we don't ship to PO Boxes. Case does not contain chemicals. Aiste BisonOffice
chess games	Mine doesn't but then again, I don't play chess. That's something you'd have to look into. I have various card games, bejeweled, jawbreaker, Solitaire, FreeCell and Pyramid Solitaire. That's enough to keep my busy for now.
work camera anyone know sure	Anyone has an idea whether the Sigma (28-300) is fully compatible with the Nikon D90
able autofocus nikon d60	In Nikon mount.This is Pentax and no
looking replace old axim whose main backup battery died lost 9 years contacts etc question search feature	Yes it does
dimensions one part description says 95 45 6 inches w x h x details say 135	The dimensions are 9.5 x 4.5 x 7". It plays great.
wr2 ear phone plug	headphone jack is located on the front of the radio. when plugged in, the loudspeaker is automatically disconnected.
says plug ipod also plug iphones ipads I sure connector ipod	It's a traditional AUX IN port.
place hook antenna	in the back
I got sangean wr2 white I I would like power cord sit flat back radio 90% angle get please	looking on the back of my radio I found the answer to several questions. There is a DC plugin place which my electrician husband told me is interchangeable with the AC wall plug. You should be able to use the DC plug instead of the ac wall plug. I also saw the color coded plugins for what I presume is computer plugins. Have not researched it to find out what they are actually for. I'm happy with the wall plug and wire antenna placed by a window for reception, way out here in the country.
preset amfm stations many preset buttons	Yes. Five for each. Looking at the top row of buttons, the left one turns on and adjusts the display lighting (which stays on forever if you use the button but not if it goes on automatically). Then the AM/Fm button, then the presets, then the power on button (a little larger). 
installeduse fm antenna sangean wr2 variety antenna employ improvement reception	I bought this radio mostly because it's advertised to have excellent reception, and indeed that's proved true. I find no need for an antenna.
preset amfm stations many preset buttons	There are 10 Memory Preset Stations (5 FM, 5 AM)
sangean wr2 110v 220v	110v
discs say 47 gb data storage bit sometimes half gig even real average data amount per disc	The amount of actual storage depends on how well your data fits the nominal 2048 byte sectors and any variability in the manufacturing process. The minimum amount of raw storage has to be 3.95GB.
disc print photos video	Yes, any type of data can be stored on it; however, if you are storing photos on it make sure that you store them in a format that can be viewed by whatever you may place the disc in (i.e. my DVD player can display photos on a disc that are in JPEG format, etc)
anyone tried printing canon mg5420 glitches	Yes, I have printed over 50 DVDs with my Canon MX922 & Canon MX882 with not problems at all.
dvds region 1 region 0 region free basically played dvd player world	There is no such thing as a region on a blank disc they are made for everyone that needs to store data or personal stuff. so the answer is yes, they can be played everywhere, the only other thing is make sure your dvd burner can burn +/- depending which ever dvd's you buy
new usb ms keyboard old dell computer green black converters dont work nothing wasting money color mean something	Yes, color does matter. It is supposed to represent specific wiring for specific use-ie. usb keyboard to ps2 for keyboard on computer (different wiring for green mouse adapter). Mine didn't work. they only work with certain usb keyboards, apparently, not the newer ones.
tried logitech k120 keyboard work repeat work solution	They refunded it and no replacement given.
work backwards ps2 keyboards need usb plug computers	No you need a female PS/2 and a male USB. Most are a y plug with a purple and green female PS/2. Such as Adesso PS/2 to USB Adapter, connects 2 PS/2 connectors to 1 USB port/hub (ADP-PU21 ).
really tech savvy work green purple slot like could get use mouse keyboard spot	Purple is for keyboards only........ And you'll have to be lucky. Over half the ones I tried did not work with this adapter at all.
bought new dell tower keyboard sticks want connect old compaq ps2 6 prong keyboard ther converter somewhere think ps2 needs female	If there is a PS2 on the computer, it will be female and PS2 keyboards will be male. 
adapter work logitech k120 keyboard	Should work fine with any USB keyboard, as long as the goal is to convert USB to ps2.
cannot get item want without waiting every	It actually took 3-4 weeks for.me.to get mine as well but it was worth it when i did get it.
lens compatibale nikon d300	I have a Nikon D3000 and it fits perfectly and works awesome!
lens work nikon d60	Yes, BUT the D60 doesn't support screwdriver type focus lenses like this one, so you would always have to manually focus it. If you want autofocus you will need to buy ONLY lenses that have integrated motorized focusing servos. Cameras like the D90, D300, & D7000 can use both type lenses but your D60 requires lenses with built in autofocus servos (if you want it to autofocus).
auto focus nikon d3100 d5100 body thanks	will work on either as both cameras are DX format and your autofocus will work perfectly.
lens work nikon d5100	I am quite sure that it will,just have too find the particular model that fits the Nikon mount....you wont be disappointed in the lens......
work d7100 compared nikon 55200mm	The Nikon Version of this lens will work fine with a D7100... keep in mind the crop factor actually makes this lens a little longer than 70 - 300mm This will have more reach than the Nikon 55-200mm but not necessarily any more image quality, but not necessarily any less either.
white wr2 white power cord	No
lens image stabilization system	No ... This one doesn't .
wil work auto focus nikon d70 d3200	It fits all full frame Nikons, both of the cameras you refer to are not full frame cameras. I recommend the Sigma 70-300mm f/4-5.6 SLD DG Macro Lens with built in motor for Nikon Digital SLR Cameras. It is fully compatible and has a wider focusing range and internal motor. You will have more versatility and be happier with the results.
lens fit nikon d3000	I believe it's compatible, but I think the F.stops vary 1 to 2 stops meaning you'll need to compensate your focus and lighting. hope that helps. it's an awesome lens. I use it with my D5100, I too need to compensate.
work nikon d7100	The Nikon compatible version of this lens will work fine on the D7100. Keep in mind however that the D7100 is an excellent camera that will not achieve it's full image potential with this lens as it is a lower end lens and is optically "so-so".
dual voltage	no
grind enough one french press every day possible grind 3 coffee scoops time	Yes, we use a small Chemex and use about that much.
plastic parts inside stainless steel cup	none visible. I suspect there is a rubber seal under the grinding blade.
folks receiving disc download print photo images jpeg new	that's all I use.
anyone please tell wattage thank	Its 110v, 60 Hz, 210W
long cord	When fully extended, the cord is 24" long.
internal cup capacity used wet herbs easily cleanable	Yes, it cleans very easily. The entire unit that holds the blade comes right out for cleaning. I would say that the internal cup capacity is about one cup when filled to the MAX line.
many settings fineness many different spots dial	There are 5 settings.
stainless steel blades	Yes it does with a removable stainless steel basket for easy cleaning.
big unit	9" tall and 14.5" circumference at the base. Great grinder. Only complaint is that it's pretty loud...
auto focus d3100	YES...... I would highly recommend this lens and it is now used as my general lens of choice. To use the macro, it is necessary to stand back further than most lenses but it still produces a very crisp image. The weight of the lens helps to keep the camera steady as it is weighted well making the whole unit more sturdy. So far I have no regrets.
compatible nikon d700	This is something I would not know. I do not own the D700. However you could use the internet to look up the type of shutter remote it is to see if it would work. I do know a lot of Nikon items are inter changeable with other Nikons. Good luck I am sure you will find the answer to your question.
compatible nikon d5200	No, it uses the MC-DC2, which has a different style connector.
wireless remote vs corded remote nikon d80	The wireless remote works from as far as 30 feet but you must be in front of the camera for it to work. The cord remote can be used from any direction but it is only 3 feet long.
remote cord nikon 4 pin mini usb connecor one end mini stereo phone plug end	Not sure how to help your on this. What kind of Nikon do you own?
work nikon d40 nikon mcdc1 remote cord work nkon d40	I know this is really late to be responding to this. But I just called Nikon and they said that it doesn't. The only remote that works with the Nikon D40 is the crappy wireless ML-L3 model. Looks like I should have sprung the extra money for the D80. Its something about having the necessary port to actually plug it in.
im looking purchase macro snap panasonic 1444mm canon 50mm fd lenses snap fit	most likely. I just measured the inside distance between the "spring clips" and it's about 62-63 mm. I use mine on a Canon fixed lens that uses 58mm lens cap. I added an inexpensive ring adapter so the Raynox would have plenty of room to hang onto but that's probably not necessary. Hope this helps you!
sx 40 hs	Yes on the Canon SX 40 HS. I'm copying and pasting my initial review--pls read. After reading perhaps hundreds of reviews throughout the web I finally bought one of these to use with my Canon SX40 HS. I am very happy with it but, like many reviewers say, it DOES require practice and it DOES require patience.
work olympus sp590uz without tube adapter	I am not familiar with your camera but I did google it too get an idea... I think it should as once you screw the lense into place on the adapter it actually adjusts by pressing the two parts you can see that extend which makes it clip onto the front of your lense.
rangezoom give	Hello; This is an 8 diopter lens. A diopter changes the focus range of your lens. Diopters come in powers from +1 to +5 (that I've seen).
fit soney hx300 camera	The Raynox DCR-250 will fit most cameras, as you have to squeeze the clips to attach it to the front of the lens.
cord work nikon d70 wired remote works d70	The original D70 does not have a provision for a wired remote, only a wireless remote. One of the reasons I sold mine. A remote port was added for the D70S model. The MC-DC1 works with the D70S.
use step ring size want use spring loaded clip want attach step ring lens 49	You need a step up ring 49mm to 52mm if you want to use the universal size ring that comes with the Raynox DCR-250. 
installed nikon 55300 hardly see anything thing wrong	Find with that lens you have to get very close and use tripod or be steady. Use a shorter lens.
need light ring	No you just squeeze the sides and it holds on to your lens.
would blow mind quality mounted already amazing canon mpe 65mm f28 15x macro lens	C'mon, the macro glass you have is already amazing - an electron microscope the Raynox aint. It would only degrade the image of your awesome lens.
length extended arm anybody got clue	I just measured mine which is as yet uninstalled. When the mount is fully extended and turned 90 deg, you have slightly less than 18" between the wall and the center of the mounting plate. According to my estimates, you should be able to turn a TV 90 deg as long as the total width of the unit is 36" or less. Hope that helps.
I wanting take real close ups eyes wanted know would work well canon ef 50mm f18 ii	It fits all three of my canon lens. I took a close up of a coin, magnified the words very huge.
europe compatibility hi anyone know product compatible 220 voltage	Yes, it is. I just received mine. The input range is 100 - 240 Volt AC / 50-60Hz on amps. The output is 5 volts @ 400mA. That's a pretty common conversion, so you can use this thing with a lot of devices that charge off of a USB port; not just an iPod. 
anyone try new superlight sharp aquos 46 thing anyone try comments	I'm still tempted to try with a Samsung 46 inch (LN46a650). The weight distribution comment frankly sounds bogus to me, and my choices for the corner mount challenge I have are frankly dwindling to this mount or getting a smaller set. 
compatibility anyone know would compatible charger	Yes, I would like to use this with my Archos and would greatly appreciated it if I could know whether it would work or not.
item fit &amp charge meloson m8 radio	As long you have a usb extension. One end has usb insert and the other end fits in to the device. ( which ever you may have) there are lots of inputs. I still have this and it is still working.
work mp3s computer charger	If it uses the computer to charge through a USB port, then it will work. As long as they don't change the USB port or anything it should work with any mp3 player.
work usb device	ya same here...i want to know if it will power other external devices..such as a thermaltake fan with usb adapter to it, so i can cool the inside my entertainment unit. its pathetic that this company doesnt put the specifics, regarding power output, and rated current, etc
fold flat wall distance back tv wall	Check the technical data sheet available from the Peerless website about this model. It has drawings with dimensions in various configurations. Folded flat it is 3.44 inches from the wall.
need product 220v possible solution	This model is 120V only. I don't see any way to convert to 220V. Mike
question software lost software downloading files olympus software used download files pc	email me. ill help you out.
question 3rd party software type 3rd party software need order transfer recorded files cd disc	you could just use the windows media player to burn it to the CD
anyone using windows 8 olympus sent three updates still cannot get transfer recorder computer upgrade	This voice recorder does not seem to work very well with those Windows versions beyond XP. It did not work with Vista (at least when I tried to use it, a long while ago), and it may not work with Windows 8.
student use well product record larger setting	In my experience, if you can hear it, this will pick it up. I've set it in one end of my house and walked in a room at the other end and I could still play myself back talking. Since even in large classes, the students are generally quiet you should have no problem. I use in in class.
recorder ok windows 7	yes it works fine with window but you have to update driver for windows 7 in order to get digital media to work.
settings recording lectures wondering settings guys used recording lectures	The quality I use is HQ High VCVA off... hope it helps
long strap	The strap is about 40 inches, connects to camera, very durable.
unit show usb storage unit mac os x unit show usb storage unit mac os x	Just got one and it works great, but no, it doesn't show up in Mac OS X as a drive. I'm using 10.4.6 and can't see it in the finder, disk utility, or in /Volumes/. Bummer.
question transcription need order transform saved file pc document recorded transcribed able read	Wouldnt the files need to be saved to a DSS file or something?
knob trim knob actually boost signal	It changes the gain or amplitude of the signal from the phono cartridge it does not affect the frequency response. However it does not permit you to have higher gain than the fixed gain model.
come ac power adapter	Yes. Power included
work moving coil cartridge ortofon x5 mc cartridge also difference pre amp moving magnet moving coil thank	I have a moving magnet turntable (Technics SL-Q202 w/ an Ortfon 20 stylus) Also have a B & O RX2 which needs a new belt but works with this preamp. This preamp works great with my Pioneer Elite VSX-21TXH Receiver. 
would connect pioneer elite sc71	The TCC preamp goes between a turntable and your receiver. The turntable's RCA outputs connect to the inputs of the TCC. The RCA outputs of the TCC go into the audio, CD, or Aux inputs of the Pioneer.
use connect turntable computer speakers	Yes
work connect samsung soundbar hwf450	As long as there is a rca input, I don't see why not.
strap hooks ends connect camera cloth strap ends	There aren't any hooks. They have the nylon straps that go through the camera loop and loops back into a plastic belt like holder.
fit nikon d3200	I have the 3100, but it seems like it would be universal.
always powered see onoff switch	Power is always on.
made china	It doesn't say, but it does work well.
professional model sound better worse	I only own the "Professional" model. I have nothing to compare it with. But it works fine.
amp phono input cartridges low output use boost signal using phono input reduce audible hiss	There is an RIAA EQ built into every phono preamp. If you plug a phono preamp into a phono preamp, the result will be bad sound.
sony strk900 phono tried inputs technics sld1 work also ground wire goes work	yes.
help boost sound audio techica turntable already pre amp	You have to a pre amp for a turntable that does not have on already built in or a stereo that doesnt have one which most do not.
hi multivoltage conect 220 volts direct thanks	Uses a "wall wart" power converter. Just use any generic 9volt DC converter that you have.
nikon d3200 come neck strap	I do not own the D3200. My D80 did not come with a wide neck strap, but I bought it separately. I have replaced it once during the 10 years or so that I have had the camera. 
getting white noise connect turntable phono yamaha av use connect tuner input get rid noise	No, you need toakr sure that the turntable is grounded to the amplifier.
bought excelvan&acirc&reg condenser sound recording microphone use preamplier connect mic preamplier	This is a pre-amp for turntable MM cartridges only & not a Mic pre-amp. Sorry...
cabling need connect preamp amp	This connects to an amplifier with RCA cables.
validpenname question question page 1397968476568	This is the first answer to the question
question answer notification 1397966661520	Answer 1397966661520
question nodeletetest 1397966535527	Answer for no delete question 1397966535527
regarding imput impedance 47k ohms 220 pf mean higher number better worse lower pf number 100pf	The 220pF [pico Farad] refers to filter capacitors in the input circuit of the amplifier. Farad is the unit, pico I believe is 10 to the minus 9.
made	it is made in China. If you want better performance from it buy a 12volt 3amp stand alone power supply for it. It helps a ton. Also leave it on in between uses.
use connect turntable sony strdh130	technically yes but i highly recommend investing in the TC 753LC instead. for about 10 dollars more you get a volume control and "aux in".
question answer notification 1397700589873	Answer 1397700589873
1397623215081 question	This is the first answer to the question
edited question 1397622931420	This is the first answer to the question
question answer notification 1397621846826	Answer 1397621846826
clean filter attempt couple time magic fiber sees like getting worst	I use a lens pen. Brush first, then clean gently with the solvent pad.
new filters difficulty getting exposure work someone explain use camera settings nikon d800 thanks	With this filter the camera does not auto focus or do the auto exposure correctly because this filter lets in so little light for the auto focus/exposure to work. 
compact flash card slot take zen vision vacation let copy pictures compact flash card slot	Hi Bob, I want to know that answer also as I'm interested in using the Zen Vision as a photo bank for my Nikon DSLR's. 
compatible audiblecom	The Audible.com website says that it is compatible with the Zen Vision. Click http://www.audible.com/dc?mt=MP3&mfid=5 and scroll down about half way and then download the software for the device. There is Help button to contact the company with further questions. Good luck to you young lady.
much expensive creative zen vision w please anyone tell product creative zen vision much expensive w version although significantly bigger screen widescreen also please	I wondered about this myself, so I did a little research. The odd thing is, the Creative Zen Vision (no M, no W) is actually more expensive and OLDER than the newer Zen Vision W. AND the Vision W has a wider screen and SLIGHTLY different specs. 
compact flash card slot take zen vision vacation let copy pictures compact flash card slot	Hi Bob, I want to know that answer also as I'm interested in using the Zen Vision as a photo bank for my Nikon DSLR's.
much expensive creative zen vision w please anyone tell product creative zen vision much expensive w version although significantly bigger screen widescreen also please	I wondered about this myself, so I did a little research. The odd thing is, the Creative Zen Vision (no M, no W) is actually more expensive and OLDER than the newer Zen Vision W. AND the Vision W has a wider screen and SLIGHTLY different specs. I did a product comparison on the Creative.com site and discovered they were very similar. 
fit celestron cpc 800 telescope	Yes if you remove the 2" to 1.25" adapter in the 45 on the back of the scope. It also comes with a new 45 that will receive the 2" eyepieces. These are some great eyepieces to have for deep space objects.
compatible audiblecom	The Audible.com website says that it is compatible with the Zen Vision. Click http://www.audible.com/dc?mt=MP3&mfid=5 and scroll down about half way and then download the software for the device. There is Help button to contact the company with further questions. Good luck to you young lady.
2 mirror diagonal screw directly onto sct's 2 visual back threads special 2 diagonal adapter required	No adapter required.
fit cpc 1100 celebs torn	Yes. Everything you need is included.
fit celestron nexstar evolution series 925 telescope	Yes these should work. The scope comes with a 1.25" diagonal but the kit comes with a 2" so you're good. These are kind of low end with respect to that scope but they will get you started.
question answer notification 1397886548211	Answer 1397886548211
1397885828918 question	This is the first answer to the question
star diagonal screw back telescope barlow mount star diagonal way around	Yes absolutely it can
celestron 943052 include 200 125 eypiece reduction adapter	No
use celestron nexstar 4se	From what I can tell, it does not appear to be compatible. The 1.25 inch kit by Celestron that contains the smaller cousins of these will surely work. This is a high quality set.
work meade 102mm f800	Excelente
diagonal fit celestron sct particular omni 127	no. the omni 127 uses 1.25 diameter eye pieces. these are 2 inch.
u transfer tapes discs	No, I don't think that it does that.
record shows vcr	Yes you can. Not to DVD
dvd side recorder	yes
play europien vhs casettes	I have no European casettes so I do not know. Sorry.
model compatible older model tv's input option play channel 3 4	I'm sorry; I don't really know, though my TV is 15 years old (a big clunker) and I have Direct TV satellite. I was able to find several repair shops in my city (Phoenix) and wound up talking with the people there - wish I had started with them, since they had refurbished units cheaper than what I paid online. Good luck!
dimensions need one 15 left right max	Sorry,all my players more than 15". Panasonic PV-D4734S - 17":10":3.8"
assuming thing cannot use skyprodigy 130 diagonal scope use 125 2 lenses	Sorry, I don't know the answer to your question. I suggest calling Celestron. They have been most helpful to us in the past.
connections audio video cables back	There are connections (red, white, yellow). The connection to the cable input is on the back also. You can download the manual by searching for the model number and panasonic.
dimensions need one 15 max left right	Hi Michael, This item 16.5" left to right. Thanks for your interest!
skins best skin purchase ipod	well if you want the best protection you should definatly go for a skin with a hard aoutside and something soft inside. some skins are even water proof for the extra price. if you don't realy go for the hard skins if you get a soft skin thats got a rubber out side it can absorbe some shock of falling but doesn't protect the screen as well...
record onto vcr tape dish dvr want record onto tape great programs dvr dish box	dish network is like cable sure you can , just make sure channel 03 is on vcr ,hit rec start recording .
come camera &amp download apps	No, it was produced as one of the first ipods, no camera, few games come predownloaded.
work bose speaker system	It works with any human-made audio equipment. It's a versatile sound source like any other.
warranty	No
md walkman sony vs ipod	have you tried using real player's software instead to manage the net md? I use it without any problem and I HATE the sonic stage software, too!
mp3 player take cd music want go buy ipod music	You have to "rip" the CD into mp3 format but there are several free programs that do this. The one I use is freeripmp3. Then just put the music into whatever sync program you are using (iTunes or Windows Media Player) or just put the songs into the music folder on the iPod and you are good to go.
engaraving want name engraved back white ipod	I don't think you can get engraved ipods through Amazon. Getting an item engraved is usually pretty cheap at a jewlery shop, though.
digital camera compatibility compatible withthe olympus stylus 500 digital camera	Compatible how? There is an ipod camera adapter you can get. Just search for B00083PGFS That should let you hook up a digital camera and download the pictures to your ipod.
classical music I I would really like users' feedback classical music sounds moved cds ipod	Regardless of musical genre, the sound has to do with the rate at which you import the music from the CDs. Importing at the highest quality certainly results in most people not being able to tell the difference.
battery life video ipod owners finding battery life	If the person who posted before me actually has battery life that poor, he should return his product. I have the 30GB and I tested my battery life, twice. The first time I got 14 hrs, 15 min, and the second I got 13 hrs, 50 min. The battery life is as advertised. 
ipods hard switch computers ipod	I've heard it is, but I just did it. I submitted an email to the apple support team and they sent me links addressing how to legally move your music library from one computer to another. Bottom line... It can be done. Don't let the rumors scare you out of purchasing an I-Pod.
ipod nano 4gb vs 30gb apple ipod could one explain 4gb nano 1000 capacity 30gb ipod 7500 capacity price difference ipods significantly highis technological difference except	Basically other than the shape/size there are two basic differences. I will only go into the one since I am assuming you want to know why the nano is priced as high as the video. Basically the difference is that the 30GB Video uses a Harddrive whereas the 4GB Nano uses Flash memory.
services load cd collection ipod anyone know cheap reliable service use	I've never understood those services... sure they can put the music on your iPod for you, but what happens when you have to restore your iPod and you don't have all of that music back-up in iTunes on your computer.
ipod nano 8 gb vs apple 30 gb ipod video playback black 5th generation	Nano and Shuffle use solid-state memory. These are more forgiving than a hard-drive mechanical drive on 30Gig and higher devices. You will need to be more careful with hard-drive memory devices, and they are bigger and heavier....plus more memory than you will ever use for music.
ipod froze else	This has happened to me. I fixed my problem by resetting my iPod. Please download the manual from Apple's website. Unfortunately Amazon won't let me post the direct link. Go to Chapter 6 (page 55) of the current manual to troubleshoot. If you use Windows version of iPod and you manually update your playlists, your problem may have been triggered by improper disconnection. 
new ipod 5g anyone know newer updated version 5g ipod	Hi, I do not think this is the updated version of the 5G. I am also looking to see If this was, however I am sure that they have not released the updated version to amazon.com yet, I do not see the 80 Gig on here either which leads me to believe that we may have to wait for amazon to release it on their site.
question better buy 30 gb 60 gb	The 30 GB iPod is physically slimmer--a nice feature. It has identical function as the 60 GB and it is cheaper. It comes down to deciding how much of your music you need with you at any time--30 GB is a lot (enough to listen 24 hours a day for about 3 weeks before repeating).
headphones I someone tell earphones come ipod really suck true	I wear them a lot at work, bout 8 hours a day 5 days a week. They are horrible. They hurt really bad after about an hour. I now have red parts on the ears because of the irritation they cause.
battery life video ipod owners finding battery life	If the person who posted before me actually has battery life that poor, he should return his product. I have the 30GB and I tested my battery life, twice.
new ipod 5g anyone know newer updated version 5g ipod	Hi, I do not think this is the updated version of the 5G. I am also looking to see If this was, however I am sure that they have not released the updated version to amazon.com yet, I do not see the 80 Gig on here either which leads me to believe that we may have to wait for amazon to release it on their site.
question better buy 30 gb 60 gb	The 30 GB iPod is physically slimmer--a nice feature. It has identical function as the 60 GB and it is cheaper. It comes down to deciding how much of your music you need with you at any time--30 GB is a lot (enough to listen 24 hours a day for about 3 weeks before repeating).
refurbished ipod 30 gb man warranty good buy debating whether purchase refurbished ipod 12 yr old daughter since cheaper little clumsy thingswould worthwhile	A 30GB Ipod uses a mechanical Hard Drive, not solid-state memory, so it is sensitive to drops. I would start a 12 year old on a solid-state memory device like a Shuffle or Nano.
ipod nano 4gb vs 30gb apple ipod could one explain 4gb nano 1000 capacity 30gb ipod 7500 capacity price difference ipods significantly highis technological difference except	Basically other than the shape/size there are two basic differences. I will only go into the one since I am assuming you want to know why the nano is priced as high as the video.
services load cd collection ipod anyone know cheap reliable service use	I've never understood those services... sure they can put the music on your iPod for you, but what happens when you have to restore your iPod and you don't have all of that music back-up in iTunes on your computer. Do you have to pay someone to do it all over again?
ipod nano 8 gb vs apple 30 gb ipod video playback black 5th generation	Nano and Shuffle use solid-state memory. These are more forgiving than a hard-drive mechanical drive on 30Gig and higher devices. You will need to be more careful with hard-drive memory devices, and they are bigger and heavier....plus more memory than you will ever use for music.
ipod froze else	This has happened to me. I fixed my problem by resetting my iPod. Please download the manual from Apple's website. Unfortunately Amazon won't let me post the direct link. Go to Chapter 6 (page 55) of the current manual to troubleshoot.
headphones I someone tell earphones come ipod really suck true	I wear them a lot at work, bout 8 hours a day 5 days a week. They are horrible. They hurt really bad after about an hour.
stranger fiction play suggestion happening unit fluke worry	I got a response from Sony - its a known problem with the new sony pictures copy protection scheme. The unit can be mailed in to Texas for service to make it compatible. 
per chance play dvd audio discs	Yes
aware laser diodes rated lifetimes 10000 hours bright side	Another thing worth remembering is that lasers and lenses are *analog* devices and dirt or filmy deposits on the lens will definitely degrade performance.
need owner manual sony cddvd dvpcx995v manual 202mb pdf	Hi Donald, You can find a copy of the Manual here: http://esupport.sony.com/US/p/model-home.pl?mdl=DVPCX995V&template_id=1&region_id=1&tab=manuals#/manualsTab
2sided disc another dvd changer play 2 sided discs	No
sony 400 dvd player dual layer dvdr discs found anywhere lists yea nay whether sony dvd jukebox plays dual layer discsanyone know certain	I know of at least one instance where a Sony DVD Jukebox machine DID play a burned dual-layer disk that wouldn't play on my Toshiba. Probably not much help- could have been a fluke, but it is true.
breaking 1 year anyone else problems warranty expired	I found a partial workaround solution for my problem (like yours) of the unit turning off a few seconds after turning it on. I press (and hold) the Stop button, and then the On button, and continue to press them both until the blue SA-CD light and the blue MultiChannel light go off, and then back on again.
refurbished ipod 30 gb man warranty good buy debating whether purchase refurbished ipod 12 yr old daughter since cheaper little clumsy thingswould worthwhile	A 30GB Ipod uses a mechanical Hard Drive, not solid-state memory, so it is sensitive to drops. I would start a 12 year old on a solid-state memory device like a Shuffle or Nano. 
disc carrier start problem	I have had my sony device for over 5 yrs ,and it works fine .With that said ,I probably wont be of much help . If that problem did happen to me , i would make sure that its on a leveled table and that it was not bumped in any way .That could cause disks to jam up inside.
original remote contral come player	If you are buying a new unit then it comes with a remote, one that is capable of operating up to three separate carsousels. If you buy a used machine then I have to refer you to the person posting the ad.
sony dvp cx995v come remote	Yes, it does come with the remote controller... which has worked well for us the years we've had this player.
2 buttonsrecessed side assign right click middle click separately	No. There is only 1 button. On my system it is right click by default but you may be able to change it through your systems drivers.
work surface pro 2_	Yes. Check out my review at SurfaceProArtist &lt;dot&gt; com.
work motion computing le1600	Yes, this Stylus will work with any Penabled device. The LE1600 uses Wacom's Penabled technology.
work ipad	No it just works with samsungs galaxy note series phones and tablets.
pen work asus ep121 windows 7 tablet	Probably not.
fit 1855 nikon lens still need adapter	You will surely need a Nikon adaptor that fits the diameter rating of your lens. The diameter of your lens is marked somewhere close to the top of the lens. I am a Canon owner and I needed to specify those parameters. Hope this will be helpful. Thanks. Mamadou.
extra fittings need fit canon 77mm lens much cost also postage south africa	Dear customer: If your lens is 77mm, you will need a 77mm/82mm ring adapter. ($3.00 - $5.00). Please shipping details for rates if available for your location.
kit hold lee bigstopper 10 stops nd lee filter order using cokin holder thanks	The Lee big stopper is 100mm wide and the Cokin P system holds 85mm wide so nope.
need set nikon d800e set	Should work - I'm using the filters on a 3100 and a D7100. Works fine with practise.
need set nikon d800e set	I'm not sure. the first step when you choice a GND is that you need check the diameter of your lens, and then you need select a connect ring to match the screw of your lens. Cokin H250 doesn't include the connect ring.
4x4 lee filters fit x z pro series	I would splurge for the Lee holder. The threading on this one is terrible, it always falls off the lens and I have broken several filters using this one.
may load maps countries like venezuela costa rica	The StreetPilot 2720 is no longer supported by Garmin. That means that there are no maps available (for any country) from Garmin to upload. The most current maps sold for that device are now 5 years old, or so and they don't have the disks to sell you. 
streetpilot 2660 major difference 26602620 2720	the only difference i could find was the map,which could be updated on your computer. some show every street known,but i never found it that useful.call garmin
filters glass acrylic	Believe they are acrylic
use garmin speedometer	YES, you CAN use the Garmin StreetPilot 2720 as a speedometer. I use it all the time to check speedometer calibration in my vehicles. However the numbers are about 3/4 inch high when it is in the Map mode. It also gives you the number of miles remaining to your destination as well as Estimated Time of Arrival (ETA).
set time date	I believe that it is set by satellite. According to where you are.
maps preloaded	Sorry, I forgot if a map was preloaded or not as I bought a while ago.I think US and Canada maps are preloaded. I only remember that I can choose either eastern US or upper US or lower US, something like that.
set time date	The way it's supposed to work is that you set your 'Home' location (at say, your residence), and the time displayed should reflect the time zone of that location.
2720 street pilot going toronto canadadoes canadian map	It can have but you need to download from Garmin.
unit take earpiece listen directions	no
gps able communicate motorcycle bluetooth	No
may confirm p series works focal lengths 28mm less 28mm vignetting shots thanks advance	My Lens adapter ring is 67mm and the filter holder inside diameter is approx. 1/2 larger than the adapter ring.
microsoft optial comfort mouse 3000 sotware disk wirh custmize	Zoe, I own a Microsoft Comfort Optical Mouse 3000, the model that you were asking about.
good large hands	It's OK, but right button is very sensitive.
want ask soft edges hard edges filter	They are all soft, and when I brought the Cokin P system several years ago the filters that came with the kit scratched very easy.
mouse package say install software first none mouse &amp none mentioned product description please respond molly k barry husband bob mcclungi signed time	Download it from Microsoft. You can google "Microsoft optical notebook optical mouse 3000" and get a link right to the driver.
open plastic encased package work xp thought says certified windows vista	Yes, it's fine with XP. I'm using it on an XP system. XP will recognize it as a standard USB mouse even without the specific driver for this device, and the Intellipoint driver runs just fine on XP. The only problem I've had with this mouse is that the zoom button does not work through some USB hubs or KVM switches, but that's not an XP issue.
mouse work windows 8the os computer laptop please respond molly k barry signed rather husband bob mcclung	well I have win 7 so not much help here. its a good mouse I played a video game diablo 3 and there is a lot of clicking and it held up good
amazoncom confused wired wireless mouse wired wireless	This is wired - I'm using one now.
long cord	30 inches... plenty long enough to wrap around the back of the average laptop if the available USB port is on the other side of your mouse hand.
compatible logitech wireless mouse	Yes it is. I have used wireless Logitech mouse for past few years and works well with this keyboard
bought manual need complete diagram show special keys microsoftcom site also found manual garb	When I plugged mine in, I got a "set up your keyboard" screen which showed some things. I THINK there was a link or something there to get more info.
keyboard came instructions piece raises base already attached take	There are 3 pegs in the base which clip into 3 holes in the bottom of the keyboard. (They are similar to the way a nail holds a picture frame to a wall) You'll want to push on the base towards the back of the keyboard until each of the 3 pegs release and then simply pull off.
keyboard compatible mac	Yes it is compatible with Mac, and there are drivers made for it.
hate imac original keyboardhave large carpenter appendagessowill work imac os x 1092thanks	Yes it will work just fine. I have it plugged into my Macbook pro. 10.9.2. It is good keyboard, cheap quality but it is also cheap in price.
microsoft natural ergonomic keyboard 4000 work hp pavillian desk top	Will work with any computer that has a USB port. This is not a wireless keyboard.
illuminated	It is not...there are some ergo keyboards out there that are backlit at various prices... my only word of caution is to read reviews... some ergo keyboards have the keys totally rearranged in odd places...good luck!
microsoft natural ergonomic keyboard 4000 business vs retail	Okay, having owned both the retail and the business versions, here's the difference: labeling and durability. Seriously, that's it.
compatible windows 7 says compatible windows 2000 sp4 higher know	It's functioning just on my Windows 7 machine
bose 201 speakers rated 48 ohms compatable also connection rca	I'm sure it can run your Bose speakers. And, yes it does have RCA connectors.
bose 201 speakers rated 48 ohms compatable also connection rca	Hi, Jerry! The manual says to use speakers "with an impedance of 8 ohms or more." The speaker connections are not RCA, they're bare wire connectors with a screw-on type fitting. 
easy hookup cdcassette player speakers plug front back	easy hookup, speakers in the back
amplifier cassette tape ports two record two play two two	Hi, David! Yes, the amp does have tape monitor in and out ports...they're labled REC and PLAY, enough to let you hook up one tape deck. 
need preamp connect turntable receiver	Mike, I don't believe so. There is a "Phono" jack on the front panel and on the back. See this link for a free manual: http://www.manualowl.com/m/TEAC/AG-790A/Manual/224539 Good luck, -Andy
electronically challenaged bought 5 disc cd player play cd's receiver need go player	You will need to connect the changer to a receiver. 
receiver compatible teac drw890 cd playerrecorder sony tape deck technics turntable phonograph	I have mine connected to a Technics turntable a JVC CD player and they both work fine.
film work mini 7s	Yes
reciever 110220 voltage	110
receiver grey black	Hi Elizabeth, My receiver is black, Teac is an awsome receiver, easy to use and connect. I would recommend it.
film work fujifilm instax mini 8	Yes
work fujifilm instax share sp1 printer	Yes this is the same one I use for mine.
used acoustimass 6	Don't know. Best of luck
would work fujifilm instax 210 camera	NO! You need the Fuji Film Instax Wide. Made sure the film box is labeled "WIDE" before purchasing.
use lomo diana f instant back	Don't know what Lomo Diana F+ Instant Back is. This camera provides a print photo on the spot. Nothing digital, just a single photo print.
film expires	the expiration date is printed on the side of each packet. If its new film, it shouldn't be expiring for a year or more.
film work instax mini 90 neo classic	Yes.
work polaroid 300	It is the same film and all Polaroid film is actually made by Fujifilm and rebranded with the Polaroid name.
case purchase	It comes with a soft case made of black nylon that closes with a velcro flap
anyone used astronomy try viewing anything besides moon perform	I have used them for star gazing and have found that you need a real sturdy tripod or the sight picture jumps around a lot.
come lens caps	yes, they do come with lens caps.
collimation adjustted theses thanks	Not by the user.
bought item nov 21 2013 recently took case use found rubber flaps around eyepieces almost torn return expired	I purchased a set and they're nice I don't know how that would have happen
cheki	It is the Instax Mini brand in Japan.
film work instax mini 25 camera	yes
binoculars finefocusing diapter one eyepieces	Yes very nice for the money
lens really plastic instead glass	I think they are glass. I like these binoculars so much that I purchased another pair for my son in law. He also likes them.
good morning memory compatible hp compaq nc6230	yes. ineed works fine.
single 2 gig module pictured says 2 pack right one 2 gig dimm two 1 gig dimms	A single module that I could not even use.
work windows vista home basic	It doesn't depend so much on the software but on the hardware. Windows is just fine with DDR ram, it has to be compatible with the motherboard connectors and chip set (CPU).
minolta sr7 circa 1965 several lenses compatible camera	As others said in Q&A the lens should fit ok - also I can use the old lens from my Minolta 35mm model 404si, hope this may help, but best to check with photo shop experts in USA as your camera is circa 1965.
use old minolta maxxum 5xi lenses camera body	Yes, they should work.If you have more questions you can always call our store @ 847-299-6181 Thanks Again Chuck , ALPINE CAMERA.
would work old ibm thinkcenter	A quick search finds the ThinkCenter is a desktop machine - most of which use the cheaper Non-ECC /non-Registered DDR DRAM packages. While I'm not stating as fact, I would suspect this memory will not work. The referenced unit is designed for server applications.
come camera strap maybe sling around neck shoulder	Yes!! It comes with its original strap.
minolta lenses anyone make adaptor allow use lenses	I believe that the camera needs to have the auto focus lens, for it to work with this camera. I have been told this by people at Ritz's camera supply.
would work powermac g5	Yes, worked on my G5.
nikon d3100 work	The NIKON version of this lens should work on any NIKON DX type camera.
nikon dx d3000 work	Yes, all Nikon mounts are the same.
lens work nikon d3200	Yes it will.
nikon d5200	Read about the Nikon specs and you'll see that the D5200 does not have an internal AF motor. http://www.kenrockwell.com/nikon/d5200.htm
new nikon d5100 1855mm kit also included vr nikon said need afs dx vr sigma 70300mm fits d5100 full capacity	The Nikon D5100 doesn't have a focus motor (screw type), so it requires AF-S lenses to focus. This lens doesn't have AF-S, but the following one does: http://www.amazon.com/Sigma-70-300mm-Motorized-Telephoto-Cameras/dp/B0012X61U2/
use old minolta lenses camera body manual focus lenses std 55 mm wide body 200 mm zoom telephoto'	When I bought my digital camera, I had several lenses that would attach to the camera but not all of them functioned properly. I think manual focus lenses may be confusing since a lot of the camera's capability won't work.
sd cardwhich reader 12or 4 gb lumix fz 30 new digital world sd card best card reader windows xp download buy fz 30	SanDisk SDCFX3-2048-901 2 GB Extreme III CompactFlash Card is the recommended choice. You can find this card selling in the $20 - $30 price range. The camera will not read anything larger than 2 GB. 
anyone tell motorized thank	Yes it is. Its a bit loud though and not the fastest.
ends hdmi cable standard size previously purchased one one side standard size end mini	Yes, they're both standard size HDMI plugs.
panasonic fz30 anyone run problem	Amazon is the best place to purchase cameras. Most importantly, if you have any second thoughts after receiving the merchandise, Amazon will always take it back. No questions. THey are the best.
good new samsung led hdtv need one thanks	Depending on what you are hooking up you should only need one HDMI cable (Roku, CD wifi player, etc) If you are hooking two items then you will need 2, and so on. The purpose of this cable is to use the audio and visual as ONE, not needing 3 different hookups for this (usually with a white, red and yellow hookup). 
dose work mac book pro	Yes
work xbox one	Hello, Thank you for asking. Yes, this cable is compatible with your Xbox One. Feel free to contact us if there's anything else we can do for you. Regards, Abacus
work amazon fire tv	Yes
cable high speed hdmi cec function	Yes, it is an HDMI cable of the "High Speed" category. It works fine for CEC as well as DeepColor, Ultra-HD and everything else. I do not think it has Ethernet, though, but that is not used much: http://www.hdmi.org/consumer/finding_right_cable.aspx
iso rating fz30	Hi Henry, FZ30 Iso are...Light sensitivity Auto ISO, ISO 80, ISO 100, ISO 200, ISO 400..ok? Its an old camera now, buy the FZ200 is a much better buy.
I owned several lumix fzcameras 20 50 100 thing work ok extras	This is an OLD model--the one right before the FZ50; identical other than ISO settings and a pre-tweak to the Venus engine. A great camera in it's day.
work macbook air	no, it has standard hdmi connectors on both ends, the Macbook requires another connector specific to mac's.
expected shipping time	It would arrive within 3 -5 business days.
using psp something special	The menus of the PSP have a format selection. Once the card is installed find 'System' (Far left), then scroll down to 'System settings'. It will open up a list. About halfway down the list is 'Format Memory Stick'.
work cell phone p900 sony ericsson	Any device that supports Memory Stick Duo/Memory Stick PRO Duo will be compatible with this memory stick. I, myself, have a Sony Ericsson, and have this Sandisk 2GB MS PRO Duo installed, and it works like a charm.
sandisk 2 gb memorystick pro duo works sony cyber shot dscw100	Yes, the 2GB Memory Stick Pro Duo most definitely works for the DSC-W100 Sony Cyber shot ! Reason I say this is cause I have the same camera as well, so I was in need of two chips , but the reason is cause the Sony Cyber Shot held a 4 GB chip , and I needed a 2 ! But remember that you can use a 4 GB , or a 2 GB and either one will work !!
work sony camera dsch5	I have this camera ( one of the best I had) and used this and Sony memory stick pro duo. Can't buy them in stores anymore so buy them online. I keep the pics on them and store them rather than load on computer and erase. I have put them in computer and then can't find them!
need cord bendable cord really stiff thanks	No
canon digital video camcorder zr85 ok	As long as your camera supports Memory Stick Duo/Memory Stick PRO Duo, then you're set.
ps3	Yes, I bought it for my ps3
work home pioneer system	Yes
1999 lexus rx300 changer plays fine keeps shuffling even cd selected could magazine issue one work	Yes and no. It could be the player. Yes this works and is your least expensive way to find out if its the player or the magazine. Never hurts to have two..
work 2006 lexus es330	I wouldn't know cause they kept sending me something totally different from the picture
work 2006 lexus es330	My didn't work. I have a 1993 es300
fit 2001 lexus es 330	Yea, I was surprised cuz I dont buy things online but it works....when u get it make sure that when you insert the c.d.'s you put them in upside down
fit function properly 1999 lexus es300	I bought it for my Lexus RX 300 and works perfectly.
compatible pd m426 player	I haven't the foggiest. Sry.
800 end cable match 800 port macbook housing size positive reviewers forcing	I haven't had to force it. It fits just fine.
macbook air bought thunderbolt firewire adapter get cable transfer videos sony handy cam dv port	it worked to connect my Sony Video Camera to my iMac. Keep in mind the computer did not automatically see the camera.
hey people lincoln tower 1997 original compact disc 6cd changer cartridge back magazine lost one work thank	No I done ordered 2 and both times I got something that looked nothing like it
work magnavox cd play uses 6 cd magazine	Can't answer this because I'm using it on a Pioneer system in my 2001 Lexus ES300 and it works fine. Sorry!
sharp dv cam 2012 mac mini want transfer video cable job	Works for me with a MacBook pro OSX 10.10.1 and an old Sony dv camera
work transfer video mini dv camcorder imac	Yes
toshiba satellite l655 cable work laptop	No, this cable was used for a video camera to a thunder bolt to a Mac.
work sony dcdtrv480 imac	It should it worked with my sony just fine, when the one that I got from Bestbuy would not.
jvc gr d770 media mini dv imac fire wire 800 ports use cables transfer video imac 4pin9pin	Yep.
work panasonic older camcorder pv type	So long as it has DV out, you'll be good. If not then no.
anyone know way get longitude latitude several addresses upload i2	It looks like that's the purpose of the POI Loader software that you can download for free from Garmin. http://www.garmin.com/products/poiloader/ I doubt the added addresses would be routable, though.
map mode setting i2 show map going	Hi, for the i2, you'll have to go into the "Settings"&gt;"System"&gt;"GPS Mode" and make sure that GPS mode is "OFF". Once the GPS mode is off, it will no longer give you instructions to turn, etc., but the map will continue to update to reflect where you are. You should be able to see the map change and update as you drive.
dash mount opinions anyone recommend good dash mount	I am also looking for a mounting device, but I don't want any yhting that is permanent or that will leave sticky stuff on my dash. Have you come up with any ideas
bicycles tomtom rider bicycles	Dutch cycling websites say that the Rider can be mounted on bicycles, but that it is not marketed for bikes because of problems with routing.
sound output anyone know use unit car	For a car you need to get the car mounting kit. Comes with a window suction mount and a cig lighter power plug too. You have to use the bluetooth headset when it on the bike OR in the car. No audio plug in or output jack.
mount attachment sportbikes mount kit problems attaching clipon style handlebars	Buy a RAM-Mount. I had to buy one to fit my RIDER on my GSX-R 750. Called them for help and the lady was really nice, and sold me the proper kit. The RIDER does cover my really inaccurate speedo, but that's no big loss. The GPS speedo on the RIDER is far more accurate anyway.
work mac	works with my mac.
wil work lincoln continental 2000	I have no idea. It works in a Lexus LS400.
modem work windows 7	It worked for both XP and Win 7. Don't remember how I set it up then. J
wireless hard wire	You can hard wire only one computer to it . There is only one Ethernet slot and two phone jacks for the DSL connection.
actiontec gt70 wg work netgear 6300 router	I really don't know. I only checked weather it would work with what I have. sorry.
work windows vista	Yes - it's what I'm using too.
work ubuntu 1110	This I don't know for sure. Linksys Wireless-G is a wireless network adapter. Ubuntu is Gnome based which is Linux, if recall serves me. Being just another kind of data stream, I don't see why it wouldn't work. 
work windows vista&gt	Hey Dave. I think only the v.1 hardware version of this device will work with Vista 32 bit only
sony mdr7506 noise cancelling reviews seems like headphone great studio use mixing travel	They should work well enough even without active noise-cancellation. The earcups do a decent job of blocking out unwanted noise, but if isolation is your biggest need, then Sennheiser HD280's might be better suited for you.
work windows 7	The one I got from the guy on Amazon wasnt the right one. So be wary buying this kind of stuff here. Your better off going to best buy. And yes, it will work with windows 7.
comfort	Hi Gina: These headphones are comfortable and light - because the cup the ear tightly they tend to get warm after a few hours but they almost have a noise canceling effect without being that type of headphone. Best DG
cable detachable	No, the cable is NOT detachable. Only the adaptor for the plug is.
good choice listening music home work home need music concentrate	Truth be told -- you dont even need something this nice for that. I am a professional voieover artist and need these for when I am in the booth recording.
noise leakage headphones interested using vocal recording mix leaking nono	"Very little leakage - fantastic isolation." Have been used for vocal recording in the past. Husband's main use is for sound monitoring and mixing during live, very loud, performances.
card come installation cd	I want to say it does but I don't remember because it so long ago. Most peripherials should but if not you can get the latest drivers from the manufactures website.
headsets noise cancelling capability airplane use used without music	No noise canceling. Just simple, clear sound. The foam ear pads do provide some sound screening.
size	They are not as small as on ear cans but if you have large ears these headphones might be uncomfortable. They are not massive by any means, folded for travel they are 5x5x3 inches, each ear cup is 3x4x1.5 inches.
way get warranty	Get the SquareTrade 2-Year Electronics Accident Protection Plan. It should cover them.
worried cord length cord detachable use shorter one deal long cord	The cord is long and not detachable.
good nursing home use	I purchased for my mom some year's ago. She swears by this speaker, as being clear, loud enough and reliable. That's the best I can say about it.
hear sound speaker close ear say laying beside mother needs needs sound closer daytime	That depends. It is primarily for quiet areas. If for example, you are running a large fan, then the pillow speaker needs to be on your ear.
use iphone 4s	Yes, should be able to use on any device with 1/4 stereo out (std head phone jack). I use on my andriod phone.
long cable connects tv device	not exactly sure but I'd say approx 6ft. I use another 25ft extension that it plugs into. BTW 8 months of using it daily and its still working 100% and I'm very happy with it.
true boneconduction speaker person sleeping next hear thanks	No, is a regular speaker, you place your ear directly on it.. And no, the person slerping next you will not hear it.
work ipad	Yes. Regular earphone type jack
bought listen music galaxy s3 stereo channels come though speaker need stereo mono adapter	I truly don't think the Crane Pillow Speaker was intended for listening to music, particularly if you have any hope of listening in stereo.
comfortable normal speaker connector output headphones ask know work ipad	it has the normal connector for headphones but when I used it with my phone I could barely hear it so it was returned. It might work better with other connections.
tell filters compatible flash neewer 300w studio photographic strobe flash light diameter maybe	Nelson, The filters's diameter I am unsure of; they fit a rather inexpensive back light which I find useful. The filters screw onto the strobe I purchased by a company called Cowboy. I hope this information helps you. Happy clicking...
cowboystudio seamless white vinyl background want get cowboystudio backlight strobe flash studio photography kit adorama color filter want know able see color background	You can but, honestly, it's one of those get what you pay for products.
want make sure color filters would fit cowboystudio backlight strobe flash studio photography kit order please help	Yes that is exactly what I got. Haven't used it much but they do fit.
purchase camera like one hard find place develop pictures someone recommendation online	It depends where you are. There are places that offer mail in service and it is possible to process your own film at home, both color and black and white.
come film	No. You have to purchase it separately.
use 35mm included mask stated manufaturer section need buy adaptor kit	i've had a couple of these kits...you can do pretty much what you want...cant hurt..i personally do not use mask..some people put elect. tape around the back where the door meets the camera body to lesson light leaks..thats the only extra thing i've seen other photogs do..good luck tons of fun
dimensions camera	Length 5.5" inches, height 4.0", and almost 3.25" deep including built-in lens.
explain items product comes dumb blonde though	The camera maybe a manual that's all. 120 film is separate.
plastic glass lens version advantages glass vs plastic lenses	Glass is sharper, and the sharpness is broader in the middle Vs. the plastic one only being very sharp almost completely in the center. The glass lens also has less of the barrel distortion. I'ts simply about preference, typically people purchase the holga cameras for the distortion ability...
think loaded film upside matter	I'm not sure.....my son used this for a project in a college photography class. I asked him, he thinks maybe it won't affect the pictures - but, he's not sure.
types film use type camera specific links amazon use buy film camera	This camera uses 120 Medium Format film. It can also use 35 mm film if you hack the camera, but ONLY if you hack the camera. You can find tutorials on how to do this online.
ibook g4 use adapter ibook g4	You can definitely use it for an iBook G4. My original charger blew up on me (as I hear they tend to do) and I was not up for spending $80 on a new one. I got this and it works just fine. There's no nifty amber/green light to indicate charging status, but great other than that.
dc cable included come dc cable plugs wall ac part	Yes. The reviews tell you this...someone said something like "I plugged it into the wall and it charged my lappie right up."
240 volts anyone one could look see says 110240 120220 v	Looks like 240. This spec I got from megamacs dot com ... looks to be the same adapter: Input: AC 100-240V Output: DC 24V, 2.7A, 65W Fuse rating: 2.5A/250V Dimensinons: 1.1in x 2in x 4.3in Length: 10 Feet
readwritereformat 144mb 720k floppy disks	I believe this device can only deal with 1.44mb floppies.
difference fludrv $1299 model $1999 besides price	There are two differences. The first is the packaging. The FL-UDRV comes in a nice, glossy, colorful box. The SBT-UFDB comes in a plain brown cardboard box with black printing.
compatible windows 8	It has been some time since I got mine, but I believe Win 8 will do what Win 7 did; I plugged it in and the OS went searching for drivers and installed them automatically. I paid about $10 for mine. At that price, I thought it worth the gamble.
able copy old files floppy disk laptop	If your laptop has a usb port it will recognize it and name the floppy drive. Just open the drive with a double click, view files and transfer what you like.
windows 8 drive read ridged 144 disks transfer information computer	I have an 8 also. works ok
photos put floppys read may put cds	It will only read and write to 1.44MB 4.5 inch discs that are in a plastic case. Any disk, larger than 4.5 inches will not fit in the unit. What I consider a "floppy" disk is larger than 4.5 inches, is not in a rigid plastic case, and stores less than 1.44MB of data.
5 14 drive say even though came search '525 12mb floppy drive' I learned means nothing amazon	It is a 1.44 MB 3.5 Inch Drive
35 floppy drive compatable	Yes. That is the only thing I put in it.
loookingfor external floppy drive compatible new ultra hp computer using windows 78 recommend best option	The one I ordered and tried didn't work so I sent it back.Still don't have one.
lens vr	No. Not in any mount. You would need the 70-300 4-5.6 DG OS. If you are a Sony shooter then this lens will be fine because you have stabilization built into the body. For more information on sigma go here: http://www.sigmaphoto.com/lenses/telephoto Don't forget Tamron they have an 18-300 for a great price and build as well.
exactly macro switch decrease min focus distance actually move element lens eg difference shooting insect 250mm without macro switch enabled	The switch allows you to move closer to your subject, i.e. it does decrease the "minimum focusing distance" of the lens, which in effect turns it into more or less of a magnifying glass so you get far more detail than using the standard zooming function of the lens. What's cool is if you pick up some inexpensive magnification filters you can get quite fine detail of small objects in combination with the macro feature. I don't know if any elements are moved inside the lens.
I new dslr photography initial apo dg mean regards lens	Here's what I found out about the meaning of APO DG initials on the Sigma 70-300 lens. The explanation is from a website that reviews lenses.
lens work canon eos 70d	Yes
work canon mark ii	Eos only.
use 35 embroidery designs sudden mine stopped ordered new one work help one read embroidery designs	Must be a bad drive
used canon 60d would good buy kit lens 18200mm thanks advance	Yes, you can use it on a 60D. This is just my personal experience and opinion, but I found it to be a very good bargain for the quality.
inner focusing lense inner focusing ring lense rotate focusing	Nope. The front element rotates during focusing and extends when zooming.
250mm 300mm big difference 50mm	It helps with wildlife photography when trying for an extra close up. Think of a 50mm zoom lens and how much it can zoom.
lens love great lens price anyone owns let know using macro	I use the macro with a single focus point. I found if I use multifocus the object will sometimes focus on the wrong area. It works great with insects small vegetation with water drops etc.
box accept composite sources lr audio one video cable	Yes
covert component audio toslink output audio	No, it does not convert the audio signal from one format to another. You would need some sort of converter for that, such as this one: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009GUNF4I/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1?ie=UTF8&psc=1&smid=ATVPDKIKX0DER
work composite like im wanting use ps2 gamecube n64 connect tv	it worked with my wii game but only in black & white.
covert analog audio digital via toslink looking hook rca cable input output via toslink sound bar	No, this box needs a fiber optic (Toslink) input for a digital output. It does not convert analog to digital.
much db loss within switch experiencing significant audio loss volume control max audio low	I would guess if you are looking at a switch like this your problem is elsewhere. A simple switch like this should pass audio through with out effecting it and I believe this switch does. In my situation this switch has no influence over volume levels. I would be surprised if anyone said it did unless the switch was defective.
require power operate power required use w remote w switchers	Requires A/C power.
unit's audio work reverse use one input receiver split 3 outputsspeakers bt transmitters etc	No, you would have to attach splitter(s) from the units only output and optical output. Cable wholesale.com does sell audio cable splitting wires.
work composite like im wanting use ps2 gamecube n64 connect tv	No, if you're referring to the Yellow, Red, & White connectors, this will not work. What you can do is get the RCA Component cables for your video game systems (Component cables have the same Red & White connectors for Audio, but replace the "Yellow" video connector with Red, Blue, & Green video connectors). 
lens compatible black magic cinema camera canon eos lens adapter	I purchased this lens for a Nikon camera. Unless your Black Magic cinema camera has a Nikkor compatible mount it will not fit. Order the lens with Canon mount.
interfere wireless internet networks wireless speakers interfere wireless internet networks	I have these speakers set up right next to my wireless router and have had no problems with either.
component video inputs switch box digital switch box cables go 40324 3play component video toslink digital audio high performance selector switch black dtv component imputs 1080i capable	Component and DVI are two separate types of connections. Component connections are analog. 1080i is the maximum resolution you can get via component; both your Blu-Ray player and U-Verse box SHOULD have component outputs.
need amp systems purchase amplifier drive speakers simply connecting directly tv good enough	These things are pretty loud enough at 315 watts. Movies and Music sound great and the subwoofer makes a huge difference with this set. I would say buy one if you are deaf or just want to make yourself deaf eventually.
connect mp3 player system music playing every speaker thanks	Assuming you already have the cable (the one that looks like it has the headphone plug on both ends), just plug one end into your mp3 and the other into the input on the side of the control module.
way get new control box put mine burned replaced want z5450 back computer	To be honest, it's way to old of a system to find parts. I had a rear speaker go out with a blinking light and luckily found a post online of somebody having the same issue. Blown capacitor. Mine is still going but when it goes, it's gone for good. Great system though.
like 26800 free shipping months ago	I've had my eye on this set of speakers for a while, and it keeps fluctuating between $250 and $300. I'm sure it'll fall again if you wait a bit. There's no direct competitor to the Z-5450s, so there's probably still considerable demand for it.
hook desk top computer ease thanks	Yes, provided you have a sound card with 3 audio ports. I used this with a Media Center PC a while back and it worked great!
would mount work 60 inch tvi know would hold weight	It is only advertised as supporting up to 56 inch TVs, if the TV is too wide the mounting arms may be spread too far apart to fit on the wall plate.
thanks	This wall mount does not swivel, it can only adjust vertically.
wall mount 46 samsung tv would cutting close 55 samsung mount	Not at all,,,it is very sturdy and Im sure it will support up to 60in,,,not that much difference in wt.,,,just make sure the predrilled holes on back of unit line up with mount
size drilled holes size holes make studs accommodate mount	The instructions ask you to use a 5/32" drill bit. The screws are #14. In short, if you do follow instructions correctly and get ur holes right in the stud, all you'll have is 4 holes. They should be pretty easy to fill up before you leave.
distance wall someone tell far tv wall mounted bracket	not big, i could not fit my had behind the tv
looking mount 75 samsung wall mount anyone done compatible hold weight	YES very strong,,,no problem with newer lighter Flat screens
right samsung un75h7150	According to the Mount Finder tool on the manufacturer's website this mount is compatible with the Samsung UN75H7150
60	Installed my 55" and has been holding up for the last ~4 years.
says handle 75 tv technical details says 3256 anyone help clarify mounted 75 tv thank	The Peerless website says up to 75" for this model: http://www.peerless-av.com/en-us/professional/products/ST650
remote work sony hdrcx700 camcorder	No
mounting rock wall anyone know kind bolts use want hang 46 lcd flat panel fireplace rarely used stone wall	I mounted some brackets for a shelf in cinder blocks (not stone but should work unless it's granite or something) and you will need a masonry drill bit for your pilot holes and specific type of screw (can't remember exactly), perhaps 'masonry' screw.
nikon camera d5100 mount tripod	This is a a pretty big tripod, super sturdy, and it is heavy. Not your average tripod that you might carry around with you. Really designed to work with Sony's older video cameras but the head is standard and will work with other cameras.
buy remote much cost	I don't believe so. The remote does not detach. You should check Sony's website for one. There are others like varizoom that make universal remotes and zoom rockers that can attach to tripod arms.
panasonic camera mount sony tripod mount dvc30 panasonic sony vct1170rm high grade tripod	If your Pana has a LANC control, the tripod will work. The shoe is universal
data usage limits make sling impracticle use outside us	Guys, if you are watching a TV program of one hour at a minimum rate of 256 kbs, then the amount of data for this program would be around 900Mbits or 112 Mbytes. Let's say you are consuming 100MB per hour. 
question slingbox set certain channel computer mean person watching tv actual cable box watch channel set	Hi Teresa. The short answer is yes. The Slingbox allows your computer to act as a tv and remote for the video signal you attach to it.
people watch tv time away business watch tv family home using tv sling hooked	I've got the exact same question. I'd like to be able to Sling from my home in Va. to my overseas home in NZ, but I need to know if my family will be able to watch TV at the same time. Anyone know?
watch european pal tv's watch pal system tv house europe usa	No - however they have just started selling the slingbox adapted for the UK (including Freeview) - it seems to be availale via Dixons, Currys and PC World though. Expensive (as usual we in the UK get ripped off when kit arrives here from the US) at almost 200.
violation w comcast service agreement anyone w knowledge	Let em try it. Its our Internet connection that we pay for. What we use our bandwidth for is of a personal non-commercial nature and is perfectly legal.
wireless connection internet required wireless	Absolutely, In fact I didn't know it would work on no Wi-Fi System. The whole point of this box is to view TV on your laptop!
slingbox take streamed video pc using netflix route tv	I am not 100% certain, but I believe the slingbox cannot do that (all by itself) as it is geared toward doing the opposite (ie: Routing the input from your TV and routing it to your PC or mobile device). 
sling laptop home via wirless access pointpossible work	I have a complex net for a home network. Multiple switches, different network segments, and I route from the wi-fi segment to the main switched segment.
opposite slingbox	Buy a divx dvd player. The Philips DVP5960 can play divx files right from a usb drive.
hook external speakers resume function audiobook cd's picks precisely listener left	It has a headphone/line out for audio output, so you can plug in a headphone to RCA red/white cable for external speakers or just plug in computer speakers.
ac adapter use standard adapter work	no. anyone will not work. take it to radio shack, they have the adapter and power supply in stock. Take the unit with you.
mp3 compatible	No. This only reads regular audio discs recorded in minutes. A later model that came in silver did read mp3 files on discs.
use connect bose radoi	I have never tried. My older Bose radio has no cord to connect. My newer ones have players on them. I'll have to see if I can find cord that will connect my older radio with this player.
come adapter	No it doesn't. Don't waste your money.
remember left listening audio book	What do you mean? I don't think I have ever seen a CD player with a memory, particularly if you take the CD out of the player, it's certainly going to clear the RAM. But the RAM is designed to provide a buffer. It's only reading 4 or 10 seconds ahead.
record programs record slingbox tv program pc	You would have to record your program to a DVR (Tivo) and then you could watch it from the Tivo through your slingbox whenever you wanted.
lens generic lens panasonic dmwlt 55 actual oem panasonic lens lens phrase confusing	Hello. Thank you for taking the question JAPAN Worlbal.
name brand lens fit panasonic lumix fz200	Name brand is Panasonic, and this lens fit the Panasonic Lumix FZ-200. There is a useful page for you on Panasonic.jp.
work panasonic lumix fz70 x60 superzoom	I don't own fz70. It works fine with fz200.
prefer joby gorillapad yes better makes gorillapad better	Yes, I prefer the Pedco UltraPod II for it was very stable on table tops. Also it is very compact such that I can fold it up to fit in my camera back pack.
height range anyone know height range tripod	With the head flopped over to the minimum, the mount is about 5" from the base. It will go to @ 6" with the head straight up and you can possibly gain another inch if you "squeeze" the legs together.
extension tube mr summers mentioned review dmwla7adapter included price lens	The lens does not come with an adapter. The lens can be used with several Panasonic cameras. For some, like my Lumix FZ200, you do need the adapter.
ultrapod ii vs digital ultrapod ii anyone know different	I'd swear that when I got the Ultra Pod II back in November that the "Digital" model was bigger and heavier. Now, even the Pedco website describes the 2 as identical, but the Digital is $3.00 more than the II.
14 mount screw	Sure is. Same standard 1/4-20 thread used for all standard tripod mounts.
quickrelease plate	No it does not. There's a thumb screw/ring for mounting.
tripod compatible zoom h4n audio recorder thanks	Hello Brian, The threads for the tripod mount are standardized across all devices unless specifically stated by the manufacturer. The tripod should fit perfectly. If not, you may always arrange to return it to the seller.
would possible point dslr straight picture stars tripod	Yes it is, I just attached my Fujifilm s3pro to it (albeit without a lens) to verify.
hold nikon d90 kit lance thank	I'm not sure, but I think it will, as long as the kit lens is not very long or heavy. You may want to look into the Ultrapod II, it is made for DSLR's and is only $6.00 more. I am sure that The Pedco Ultrapod II would fit your needs.
maximum height	The maximum and minimum are the same - 4 1/4 inches. Having said that, you can rest it on any surface or wrap it around any kind of pole up to about 5 or 6 inches in diameter. We have attached it to thin trees or tree branches, fences, railings, etc. It is amazingly adaptable and portable!
long strap compare length strap ultrapod ii	from leg to tip is 12-1/4 inches. Sorry but I'm not familar with ultrapod II.
hold sony nex 3n interchangeable lens camera 1650mm f3556 oss kit lens	Yea, I would think so, as long as the lens isn't too long. You would have to adjust the ball joint to off-set center, to act as a counter weight. I use it with my Toshiba Camileo X100 Full-HD Camcorder.
panasonic dmc fz200 weighs 14 lb sturdy enough hold camera even rotated 90 degrees	I think it will. It is a sweet little tri-pod.
long velcro strap last hold anymore thanks	I've had it for 2 years and the Velcro looks just as good as when i first bought it. I've had to wrapped around branches, chairs, poles, fences, strollers...basically anything I could wrap it around and it's held up fine.
14 20 screw one says size screw	I believe so. It is the standard tripod size and fits all my cameras
anyone specific suggestion relatively small camera case fit small point shoot camera plus tripod	Can't go wrong with a pelican case.
comfortable wear head tight heavy thanks	yes, it's not heavy at all and fits well. you can adust it. I forget i have it on but it's great for being hands free... I have ordered this over and over. Plantronics has a wonderful replacement program as well if it does break. they will replace it. It's my favorite headset and I keep buying phones that will fit it because I like the headset so much. The sound quality is excellent
could wrap strap around chin bar fullface motorcycle helmet use tripod shoot video riding motorcycle	I need to go back to work, but your comment simply begs for one more observation. If you live in Philly and have endured this particular winter, why would you not be heading south? ... No reply necessary, but I have friends in Pennsylvania and one of them came out here to California to escape and I can honestly say that Alaska was not in her vocabulary ... never mind, sounds like a fantastic adventure and I wish you safe travels and great joy, fun and some kick-butt videos!!!
plug phone base	We have three portable, interlinked phones that rest in charging bases and when the phone is in the base it's off. The headset plugs into any of the phones and can be used walking around the house, sitting in room away from the base, etc. It would defeat the portability of the phone to plug it into a base and I don't believe it's possible in our system.
clamp part metal plastic	The whole thing is hard plastic except the bolt that goes into the camera and the screw that tightens the two sides of the clamp. The gadget can be afixed to a post, branch, etc. with a velcro strap that is permanently attached. I've found it to be of good design, construction, and materials.
plug phone jack	That depends on the size and wiring of your jack. The plug is 2.5mm in diameter and has three conductors. It fits into the jack of my Panasonic cordless phone
long microphone looking something thats gonna stick way long bulky	it is 4 3/4 " from the ear I find it very comfortable and not long at all or bulky
control volume say description thanks	My recollection is that there wasn't much volume control. This was a pretty decent (and inexpensive) headset for some phones but it did not do well for outgoing volume when I switched to a Panasonic cordless phone. I now use a Panasonic KX-TCA60 headset.
presstomute button volume control cord	No
plug phone base	We have three portable, interlinked phones that rest in charging bases and when the phone is in the base it's off. The headset plugs into any of the phones and can be used walking around the house, sitting in room away from the base, etc. It would defeat the portability of the phone to plug it into a base and I don't believe it's possible in our system.
used office phones long compatiable	I use it in the office
headset work plantronics m10 model baseamplifier	i couldn't speak for that specific machine, however i can say that the plug is smaller than headphones and fits most business phones.
long microphone looking something thats gonna stick way long bulky	it is 4 3/4 " from the ear I find it very comfortable and not long at all or bulky
plug phone jack	That depends on the size and wiring of your jack. The plug is 2.5mm in diameter and has three conductors. It fits into the jack of my Panasonic cordless phone
comfortable wear head tight heavy thanks	yes, it's not heavy at all and fits well. you can adust it. I forget i have it on but it's great for being hands free... I have ordered this over and over. Plantronics has a wonderful replacement program as well if it does break. they will replace it. It's my favorite headset and I keep buying phones that will fit it because I like the headset so much. The sound quality is excellent
used office phones long compatiable	I use it in the office
mute button remain active disengaged button type must keep holding remain muted	It remains until it is disengaged.
long cord	Fifty inches
headset work plantronics m10 model baseamplifier	i couldn't speak for that specific machine, however i can say that the plug is smaller than headphones and fits most business phones.
flip mic 180 use left ear	Easy to use with earpiece/boom on left or right.
comfortable wear head tight heavy thanks	Not tight or heavy at all. I find that I end up stretching the headpiece, but the material is very flexible and easy to reshape when I do. I basically live with this on my head when I'm awake and usually forget I have it on.
headset plug directly back phone rj11 end	It has a 2.5 mm male plug, too small for PC and Samsung pjhones which are 3.5mm size.
volume control adjust incoming headset volume going microphone volume thank	There are adjustments for both the microphone and headset volume, in addition to. "Mute" switch.
presstomute button volume control cord	No
control volume say description thanks	My recollection is that there wasn't much volume control. This was a pretty decent (and inexpensive) headset for some phones but it did not do well for outgoing volume when I switched to a Panasonic cordless phone. I now use a Panasonic KX-TCA60 headset.
headset come 25mm jack usb connector	Yes it is 2.5 mm jack but no usb
mute button remain active disengaged button type must keep holding remain muted	It remains until it is disengaged.
long cord	Fifty inches
flip mic 180 use left ear	Easy to use with earpiece/boom on left or right.
headset work panasonic kxtga652 cordless phone	I have no idea; it works with my Panasonic cordless. I doubt that Panasonic has changed their parameters for input impedance between models.
headset work nokia cell phone 25 mm jack ad top says cell phone bottom says plug mobile	I am not sure as I have used so many cells. Aslong as it is a 2.5mm jack on the phone it will work. I use it on cells and cordless phone also. I hope this works for you.
comfortable wear head tight heavy thanks	Not tight or heavy at all. I find that I end up stretching the headpiece, but the material is very flexible and easy to reshape when I do. I basically live with this on my head when I'm awake and usually forget I have it on.
headset plug directly back phone rj11 end	It has a 2.5 mm male plug, too small for PC and Samsung pjhones which are 3.5mm size.
volume control adjust incoming headset volume going microphone volume thank	There are adjustments for both the microphone and headset volume, in addition to. "Mute" switch.
headset come 25mm jack usb connector	Yes it is 2.5 mm jack but no usb
headset work panasonic kxtga652 cordless phone	I have no idea; it works with my Panasonic cordless. I doubt that Panasonic has changed their parameters for input impedance between models.
work panasonic kxtga cordless phones	These are the best headsets I have found for the KX-TGA phones, especially at this price. I have two sets of Panasonic Cordless phones. One is used with a MagicJack line and these headsets work great with them.
headset work nokia cell phone 25 mm jack ad top says cell phone bottom says plug mobile	I am not sure as I have used so many cells. Aslong as it is a 2.5mm jack on the phone it will work. I use it on cells and cordless phone also. I hope this works for you.
430ex work canon eos 3 film camera automatically zoom change zoom settings canon 2470 usm lens	Yes, it will work with any EOS camera with a type A body.
canon rebel xsi &amp canon 430ex 430ex ii witch one work camrea whats 430ex 430 ex ii	Both of these flashes will work on your camera.
wait new model 430ex ii I I would appreciate feedback buying vs waiting	Although we won't know the full details until the unit ships, it seems the most significant updates are faster recycling, controlling flash from camera's menu (on newer models), and new mounting foot.
canon rebel xti flash needs advice	Christine I also own a Rebel XTI but I have the canon 28-135mm and the Tamron 28-300mm lens. The only thing I can say is that I am considering the Canon 430EX or the Canon Speedlite 580EX II. 
430ex flash accept power pack instant repetitive flashes	Not without some risky hack job. The 580 & 600 do.
flash need canon 430 580 one want	I think you'd be much better off using the fastest lens you can get and kicking up the ISO. The lens will probably pay for itself.
come accessories carrying pouch	mine did
automatic 60d	Yes, I used it on a Canon 40D originally, and now I use it on a Canon 7D and I don't have any problems with it at all, and they haven't changed anything as far as the flash connections.
work panasonic kxtga cordless phones	These are the best headsets I have found for the KX-TGA phones, especially at this price. I have two sets of Panasonic Cordless phones. One is used with a MagicJack line and these headsets work great with them.
12 x 18 room sub much room size	the MiniVee will work very well for you in a room that size. I have used it in rooms smaller than that, and up to 16x20 and larger, and it dials in fine. Be careful with your placement (distance from the wall, and from corners), and it will work perfectly. I love this sub, it works perfect for small rooms.
flash work canon eos t2 flim camera 430ex 11 work canon t2 flim camera	I'm not familiar with that camera, so I don't know for sure, but check the manual or look up the camera features online and see if it can use TTL metering. 
support 220v voltage	The unit I have is clearly marked with "117V" at the AC input. However I would be very surprised if Velodyne did not have a version that ran on 220V.
must put sub inside cabinet behind solid door vent areas cabinet good sub pls advise thanks	I think that would work....this sub is very compact and the sound quality is tremendous.
pc work xbox one surround sound system	It'll work with your Xbox One and surround sound system as long as you have a subwoofer or composite audio output.
use 110220v voltage	No mention of it anywhere in the documentation and no switch on the back of the amplifier (Only specifies 12V@120 50-60Hz) so a step convertor looks like the only safe option for 220V :-)
mounting buttkicker playseat evolution anyone suggestions mounting bk gamer playseat evolution	Yes this is what i am gonna do. get something like a grinding peg basicly a short pipe with a washer welded to the end and remove the one rear bolt that holds the seat bracket to the main frame " tiny screw " Its the small cross over bars . seen in picture 3 of intruction manual .find a longer bolt with the same threads and use this through the peg and bolt that down. Then just mount the bk to the peg. =)
buttkicker bkgr gamer2 buttkicker bkgr gamer	It is ver 2 the new model and yes it is improved.
work preexisting sound system unplug bass use buttkicker bass	I have a good grade Logitech somurroin system for my PC and the but kicker is a very easy.
use 430ex old version canon 40d plan upgrade canon 70d old 430ex work canon 70d	Yep, it will. I have a 7D now, and my brother has a T3 and it works with both of those, even though they are newer.
work headset	it does if you plug your headset in through the back of your PC not in the front
work playstation 2 hooked anyone tried gran turismo	This works through an audio hookup. It will work with any game, movie, or cd. You can ither hook it up through stereo rca's or a mini plug, both are supplied.
install card win7 computer attach tv cable watch tv computer monitor	If you're talking about watching cable TV through it, yes, theoretically you should be able to do that.
I installed dell xps running vista work seems start get windows message run vista	I downloaded an aftermarket application and driver bundle called "TV Expert" to get mine to work.
work hd digital input antenna	This will barely work anyway.
well work non simulation games games like fps tbs mmos	I don't konw sorry, I play only racing games.
fit standerd com ports mother board	Yes it will. It's standard PCI. This card is a bit of a pain to setup though. That and the SD quality are why it's so cheap I believe.
use dvr security camera camera 1 yellow rca plug 1 red rca audio plug	no, this is for tv signals that are no longer used. It is analog and all TV is in digital now.
keyboard volume control buttons	No, it does not have any volume control or multimedia control buttons.
caps lock light indicator	Yes..it has a CAPS LOCK light indicator
enter key keyboard bit loose problem keyboard	Mine seems to work just fine. Hope this helps.